### [[DW]]
Have been working my way through my tabs on my laptop. Slow but steady progress. And have been maintaining inbox zero. 

Also picked a good documentary to watch (The Overnighters). Better than watching (or only watching) entertainment shows.

### [[CI]]
Need to add to my schedule. Have more: It is XX:XX time to do Y for Z minutes. For example today I have my bike ride and I don’t yet know what my plan for training is. That should be taken care of during my “fun” or “admin” time last night. 

### [[GMD]]
Last night we had one of our typical conversations where I am trying to encourage Donna and she finds my approach aggressive/misdirected and ends up feeling like she needs to defend/justify herself. So both parties end up frustrated and annoyed at the end. This essentially happened again in relation to an idea Donna is developing for an online conference in her field. The difference this time was that we both acknowledged what was going on at the end and that there was a need to improve our communication to match intention with result more closely, which felt like a positive step.

### [[IMD]]
As I talk to Donna right now I can feel myself getting a bit annoyed at her response to the notes she just got from her supervisor. She seems to be going into her “disaster” mode where she builds things up to be a “ton” of work and can even make that assessment come true with her approach. I don’t want to suggest that she just get the paper in and kind of ignore the comments but I think that there is likely a path that doesn’t involve a ton of work. Reorganizing is not rewriting.

### [[NK]]
It’s funny to think how we would try an interpret random touching between Amos and Rilka as intentional before and now they are full on grabbing each other. Yesterday they were playing a game where she would stick her fingers in his mouth. And there was also a really nice moment when they were both propped up on pillows facing each other and Rilka burped and Amos heartily laughed. I also had a “kids” moment when some kids playing soccer almost hit Amos with the ball. But then the kid redeemed himself by saying “pardon”. 

### [[RT]]
How hard is it to design and build a house? Is it a crazy idea? A brilliant idea? What are the pros/cons of doing it slowly over time? Can imagine losing steam pretty quickly perhaps...though punctuated intense activity might be fun!
