### [[DW]]
Did a good job setting up the new gmail inbox.

### [[CI]]
What do I do with the CI’s? Need to think of a good system. Perhaps related to the research system.
Also need to spend a bit of time thinking of things like email that I spend a lot of time on but haven’t spent a lot of thought/time optimising. 

### [[GMD]]
We had a conversation last night that, while at times a bit tense, gave me a lot of hope. We were discussing expectations and communication and what falls under the category of “best if perceived without being told” and “best if told directly instead of waiting/hoping for second party perception” . There were clearly feelings involved on both sides but that didn’t stop us from being able to talk about things productively which was nice.  

### [[IMD]]
I still need to just remember to not get defensive when I feel that a comment from Donna could be veiling a critique. I don’t like this both because I don’t like to be criticised, but also largely because I don’t like the passive aggressive delivery mechanism.

### [[NK]]
Amos is playing with the dustpan. He is putting his feet in it and has been occupied with it for the last 5 minutes. I love the fact that anything that is new is completely new and there isn’t an obvious “interesting” metric. Rilka seems to be getting upset when Donna leaves the room now (sometimes). 

### [[RT]]
What is my cycling fitness like compared to past years? What was my max FTP threshold had I trained like a pro right after starting? 