### [[DW]]
During admin time I got quite a few things done. Created a `.yaml` file, made a git repo, went through Things

### [[CI]]
Need a larger plan to guide my "to dos". What exactly do I want to have done by when? Need to thoughtfully fill out my [[to do list]].

### [[GMD]]
I enjoyed when we were just talking through the next chunk of time and scheduling. It wasn't a traditional "highlight", but I was just low-key excited about the fact that we have a bunch of "new" stuff coming up and that we are better now at working together to try and make "good plans" to accommodate those changes.

### [[IMD]]
Damn. I thought of one while I was going up the stairs yesterday and now it escapes me. I think it may have had to do with me feeling like Donna was pushing for me to take the kids outside and me being annoyed because I had said that I was waiting for things to dry out a bit more. So I said I was going to wait, then she later asked when I was going out, and then I was snarky. Need to get better about not feeling defensive.

### [[NK]]
Rilka is funny - she now is regressing when it comes to walking. Funnily it seems to coincide with us following the advice to not hold her by the hands and instead use the hips. This has reduced her confidence, I think, and in any case she no longer seems willing to take even a few steps on her own. She can, however, now squat down and then go up into a standing position on her own which is impressive. Amos continues to slowly improve his inchworm style crawl where he gets in crawling position, splats himself forwards, tries to swim on the floor, and then pulls his legs under him and gets in crawling position again to do another splat forward.

### [[RT]]
I'm curious what the dynamics will be within the "pod" for the Neuromatch summer academy.

---
- [x] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
