### [[DW]]
Had a decent ride this morning. Opted for High Park over going out to do hill repeats as I was feeling pretty tired and was concerned that I would get annoyed on the ride out and then frustrated if my power was not good on the climbs. Turned out to be a good decision.

### [[CI]]
My [[to do list]]s are scattered. I have:
* drop down notes with Unclutter. Basically a scratch pad.
* voice reminders on phone
* Google Calendar
* Things

Is there a way to have these all live in one place?

### [[GMD]]
I appreciated our time sitting outside last night, following Donna's internal thesis defense. It was nice to talk about future "stuff" in a way that did not feel to fraught. We still have work to do, but the direction is positive.

### [[IMD]]
I should have done more to recognized the internal defense moment. To make up for it I need to do a big "one" for the external defense.

### [[NK]]
It was fun yesterday watching them both play with the yellow school bus toy that was at the apartment here at 312 Glenlake. It seemed like they were playing together. They may have just been both playing with the school bus at the same time but it was still fun to watch.

### [[RT]]
What is the right move to make right now? How to weight current hassle and current benefits vs. future benefits and future hassle?? I'm thinking about this as we look into renting an apartment here in Toronto. It would definitely make us more connected to the city. I feel ambivalent about that. Definitely a nice way to remain connected to Dave/Alex/Sven, etc...

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [x] Stretch
- [x] Read 10
- [x] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
