### [[DW]]
This might be a bit presumptive but I think I will be in bed before 10pm tonight.

### [[CI]]
Need to figure out how to better fit in the daily items now that the time with the kids is so short.

Also need to stick to the schedule a bit more rigorously.

### [[GMD]]
I am enjoying, to a certain degree, the days at home working with Donna. Part of me would much rather be out of the house but there is also something kind of pleasant about both of us working away in close proximity.

### [[IMD]]
I think that I can keep attempting to remember to use humor when reminding Donna about things that I find a bit annoying.

### [[NK]]
Rilka was so out of it after daycare today. Seemed really low energy. A little be worrying. But then perked up when she got home. Funny going through the kids' checklists and seeing where they were in terms of milestones ("Of course Rilka is quite a bit further along" the daycare person told me). Amos's spindly legs are a bit of a concern. But also I feel like we spend very little time "working" with them. More of the approach that they will figure things out. But also seems like they would figure them out more quickly if we did a lot of repetition and drilling.

### [[RT]]
Very curious what the mental calculus will be for the place in Montreal. Will we regret it? Will we actually spend much time there? Will it turn out to be an albatross?? Curious to see/feel emotions when there tomorrow.

---
- [x] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
