### [[DW]]
Got back on track only two days after arrival in NS. Did a good job in terms of unpacking right away upon arrival.

### [[CI]]
Could improve my nighttime admin productivity. Put time limits on tasks and have a clear order. If you can't bear to do something move down the list or go to bed. 

Have built in rewards for checkpoints.

### [[GMD]]
I think overall we are doing a good job of thinking through the tricky housing transition period we are in. In the past this has been a bit contentious for reasons both known and unknown but although there is still residual aspects of that present it mostly feels like we are unified in wanting to explore options and figure out the best path forward - even if that path is unorthodox/creative (or totally not).

### [[IMD]]
Tone. In her +/- note Donna mentioned that it hurts when I act annoyed with her - with her presence. I feel that sometimes but it I think it is just that I want to be alone. But it is a weak attitude to have when I am with others. I can design my life and if I need alone time I need to design it in. Often it is my fault for getting over-tired that causes this feeling. It is a bit like Rilka being needy when she is a bit bored and sees me sitting down and wants to get held. It is an easy but not super healthy response.

### [[NK]]
Rilka putting the canning lids on the kid barrier between the kitchen and mudroom was pretty amazing. She went at it for a long time. Picking up lids. Putting them on the points of the gate, having them fall off. Putting them back on. Rearranging their positions. Getting down to find more lids. Amos is also crawling much faster now. He doesn't always look like he is about to crash on his face (though he still does fairly often). Also today he found a semi-transparent orange pumpkin plate and held it up in front of his face so that everything he looked at was orange. That was great.

### [[RT]]
How does mom really feel about us/me/the kids? Does she think they are truly unique/good? I don't really care but I would be curious to know. Also, she just seemed a bit more testy in the days/weeks leading up to our arrival. Was she just feeling stressed about other things or does part of her feel taken advantage of? Or have other kids been suggesting that?

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [x] Stretch
- [x] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
