### [[DW]]
Finished up the questions for the TA course and did a decent job. Felt embarrassed about the quality but also didn't feel like I wasted too much time on it. Did a good job in terms of breaking it up in pieces.

### [[CI]]
Really need to get back to my schedule. Right now the things that seem to be throwing it off (that I allow to throw it off) are:
1. House purchase and accompanying logistic stuff
2. DSSG
3. TA stuff
4. minutiae

### [[GMD]]
I liked the moment last night when we were watching Schitt's creek and at one point the sister was at her brother's store (how do I not know their names?) and got the business guy to carry some boxes that she had been asked to move and then when he agrees and the brother says thank you she pipes up and says "you're welcome" - and then we rewound it a second time just to see if that was really the comment she made.

### [[IMD]]
I did better in terms of getting Donna to help pare down kid stuff but I still react a bit emotionally sometimes. Like when I critiqued the hats she bought - saying I didn't like the pink one. I could have done that more gently. Also being so firm about the basement toy thing. She actually was making a good point about keeping it upstairs in the closet.

### [[NK]]
Amos today while my back was turned climbed up on Donna's side table (that I hate) and pulled himself up to her desk and took her new computer and tossed it onto the floor. Rilka was shaking her head no when we had to answer the daily COVID screening questions at the daycare drop off.

### [[RT]]
Is my singing getting better? Worse? Maintaining? Not really focusing when I am doing my exercises these days. Hoping in Montreal with more space I can put the kids in a room to play on their own.

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [x] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
