### [[DW]]
I did a pretty great job getting the apartment set up in Montreal all things considered. Worked really hard both days and had lots of stuff set up in advance.

### [[CI]]
Yesterday I let myself get slack with my schedule. I got stuff done but kind of train of consciousness work style instead of intentional planned work style.

### [[GMD]]
I try to remember when playing on the bed with the kids how unique these moments are. Based on our human sense of time I think that it is easy to feel like things are changing slowly but things are actually rapidly evolving and these days of bouncing Amos and Rilka on our chests while they laugh are indeed fleeting.

### [[IMD]]
I think that I need to check in a bit more with Donna to see how she is doing.

### [[NK]]
Rilka seems like she is really tired when she gets home from daycare. Just a lot of crying/yelling/complaining but every once in a while you were see her get interested in something and then she is good for a while. Amos is standing all the time now but still doesn't understand that he can bend his legs. So his dismount style is holding onto something very tightly as he lowers his but with straight legs until his grip finally fails and he plops on his butt. He can still do the buttspin but is much less enthusiastic about it now.

### [[RT]]
How worried is Cendri about me right now?? I feel like there is definitely some justification based on what she is seeing on her end. But I also feel like there is a bunch of progress right around the corner...

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [x] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
