### [[DW]]
I think that my intuition about the kids is often pretty good. Yesterday I was a it annoyed that Donna felt like Amos needed to be picked up and held because he would whine and put his arms up. I took him and put him among some toys and played for a minute and left him perfectly happy on his own.

### [[CI]]
I need to figure out how to have a less brittle schedule. I just get ruined when things (like buying a house) get inserted into the mix. Yesterday I did a token amount on all my projects except thesis, but that token push on the flywheel may be critical.

### [[GMD]]
I appreciate our dinners together with my mother. Everyone seems to be comfortable and enjoying themselves and there is a good mix of viewpoints in terms of conversational dynamism.

### [[IMD]]
I think that we need a night routine. Something that provides a bit of structure to the end of the day and also points out that this day is just one of many. Hopefully it can also help us both sleep more regularly too.

### [[NK]]
I like that Amos almost always laughs whenever I make a weird sound (burp, fart, sneeze, etc.). Rilka's talking is getting louder and louder and more insistent. Sometimes it sounds like they are talking back and forth, though it is more likely just that the randomness of their talking timing makes it sound that way.

### [[RT]]
Random thought

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
