### [[DW]]
Last night when Rilka was being really whiny I successfully got her to start playing with the large lego which occupied her for a good 10 minutes.

### [[CI]]
Still haven't sent anything to Rose...nor finished with the kid photos even though I got dressed up for them today...

### [[GMD]]
It was pretty neat clinking glasses with Donna last night with a couple of "future" plan elements in motion. It made me think of the fact that it was only 2-3 years ago that we were having conversations about how we should buy a place that kind of went off the rails a bit because Donna felt like she was not in a place to be a partner in that process. So I feel good about the progress we have made and am just really glad that we pulled the trigger on Montreal even if it doesn't turn out to be the world's most amazing investment.

### [[IMD]]
I find it annoying when Donna does her typical very ungenerous interpretation of my policy suggestions - such as not picking Rilka up the instant she fusses. But I should express that need and not argue the point - especially when the arguments from her side are non-sensically frustrating.

### [[NK]]
Amos still like to cross his legs and curl his feet up a but he is getting better at standing flat on them these days. He is on the verge of "cruising". Rilka still gets a kick out of pulling toys around. What is the joy in that? Even when picking her up from daycare she was firmly holding onto the string for a pull toy while in the wagon.

### [[RT]]
What do the daycare workers think of Rilka and Amos? Would be curious to get a totally un-filtered impression from them.

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [x] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
