### [[DW]]
Quickly transferred the paper over to overleaf, but also pointed out that there are limited advantages to going down that path in the draft phase.

### [[CI]]
I somehow missed two days last week? What was happening on Friday that ruined the journaling??

### [[GMD]]
I appreciated yesterday when we went on our trip to the beach and at the end when we were all a bit tired and had to wait for 20 min for our UBER Donna suggested we get a drink and sit at the adjacent patio. It was a nice moment that changed what would have just been a minorly tedious wait into an actual fun time to the point where I was hoping the UBER would take longer to arrive.  

### [[IMD]]
I keep starting conversations about Donna’s future with her but don’t really commit to going deep. Just a bunch of superficial comments. Should try an engage in a more meaningful way.

### [[NK]]
Amos seems to get more easily frustrated these days. Right now he is playing with a book but having trouble opening it and grunting and fussing because of it. Rilka dismounted the bed on her own this morning, starting out looking like she was going face first but grabbing the sheets in her little fist as a pivot point that swung her legs down. It was pretty slick.

### [[RT]]
What is Hause’s career? And how hard does he actually work? And how “smart” s he? I don’t feel like I have a great feel for any of these. I could imagine him ending up being a prof. It’s obviously the path he is on. Crazy that Zoe is a prof already. 