### [[DW]]
Got out for a bike ride before the call with Mostafa. Also felt like the call went pretty well - remembered the big picture things about the MADE project.

### [[CI]]
I think a little more prep for the call would have been good.

Also need to get back to a real schedule. Can set it up as of next week. To do over the weekend.

### [[GMD]]
I enjoyed last night when - while we probably both should have been in bed sleeping - we were up looking through condos for sale. It felt fun to do something like that together. Made me excited for the near future when we both have jobs and incomes and (hopefully) the flexibility and energy to take advantage of that...

### [[IMD]]
I had a moment today where, immediately afterward, and even as it was coming out my mouth I was thinking of my tone. It was when Donna asked me to repeat myself - which I find annoying because often I think that it is a matter of attention and not hearing - and I repeated but in a loud annoyed tone. I can do better than that.

### [[NK]]
Yesterday there was a moment when I felt like I saw sadness on Amos' face as I was playing with Rilka. He can obviously see that she gets more attention - since she goes out and seeks it - but how does that compute in his brain?

### [[RT]]
Would it be irresponsible to buy a place, just like that? Just to force it through and kind of get something spur of the moment without really having the resources to responsibly do so, just assuming prices will go up and we can rent it out for most of what the payments are??

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [x] Stretch
- [x] Read 10
- [x] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
