### [[DW]]
I am glad that we are doing the monthly media. It is kind of annoying to do, I think that it is just rare enough that it feels like you have to figure everything out again each time. Though I suppose that will get better as we keep doing it.

### [[CI]]
I gave up on the application to Ontario Arts Council. I just wasn’t prepared. In particular, as for La Becque, it required me to ask for the help of someone else - Cendri in this case. I need to clearly read the rules/directions for applications well in advance. Can also serve as pressure to actually submit an application.

### [[GMD]]
We had a nice dinner on the balcony. It was normal but also felt a bit special with some nice wine, and an extra episode of Big Mouth, and a big bowl of popcorn. I also think that the quote idea that Donna had and we are doing has been a really good exercise as it touches on our tendency for argumentation, and our lack of 

### [[IMD]]
When doing the photos with Donna I get in my “efficient” mode which also seems to correspond to being a bit rude/short with Donna. Need to do better at that. Not an excuse.

### [[NK]]
Amos is actually getting some decent back muscles from always doing his arms and legs in the air skydiver routine all the time.  Also just this moment did a raspberry, which I can’t really remember hearing from him...I am so curious where he thinks his skydiver position work is going to lead???

### [[RT]]
What do we do this summer? And what should I do about the editing offer? Does it make sense to try and increase the nest egg? Invest it all in the stock market? Use it for a downpayment?
