### [[DW]]
Got my schedule together (still need to figure out Fridays and Weekends) and took the time and mental effort to make the breaks appear programatically..avoiding a bit of technical debt.

### [[CI]]
Overall need to keep idea of technical/research debt in mind going forward. But also think about situations in which debt makes sense - can be leveraged for benefit.

### [[GMD]]
I am actually enjoying just sitting here in the kitchen with Donna. I will enjoy it even more when we have a desk as well and we can both spread out a bit, but it feels now like we are more or less moved in. Well, lots to do still but the big lifting both literal and figurative has been done and I can see how it can be nice to live here as a family.

### [[IMD]]
Need to start thinking about date ideas. And catch up on our Gottman stuff. That has been pushed off to the side for a while.

### [[NK]]
It is still weird to think that they are in daycare right now. I can get how that can be really hard for parents, as even I, who am pretty laissez faire about this sort of thing still feel a twinge when I think of them being in a classroom without us all day. I just hope that they are having fun. I wish we were able to watch them. I am a bit concerned about Amos' leg strength. Just seems very "floppy". I guess it will just be a time thing but overall I think that he is behind and she isn't really that precocious compared to other kids. Rilka is babbling like crazy these days. Amos is more animal-like in his sounds, which is also mildly concerning. I also feel a bit bad that the apartment is boring. For that reason I feel a bit better about them spending time at daycare.

### [[RT]]
Curious how the DSSG project will finally turn out. It was gratifying to see Mauricio actually pretty excited about what we/I had mocked up.

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
