### [[DW]]
Worked fairly efficiently on the group project for Neuromatch last night. Was happy I did it even though I stayed up later than planned.

### [[CI]]
A bit more rigor in terms of thinking about options. I am kind of just dilly-dallying on the apartment hunt now. It seems like the thing to do is just to get a place and then deal with renting it out under the table. Just not ideal.

### [[GMD]]
I like the little interstitial moments of the day when we end up both hanging out with the kids and, by consequence, with each other. This morning Rilka was on the stairs and Amos was below making a lot of noise and we were both watching them and there was a nice feeling to sharing the experience.

### [[IMD]]
I think that I have been a bit selfish at bedtimes. I know that I didn't love it when Donna would stay up late and I am doing the same but in the bedroom with the light on. Need to just move out of the room in those situations as well as take some time to say goodnight.

### [[NK]]
Interesting stages now. Amos is crawling pretty well but still has occasional face splats. I don't really recall Rilka having face splats like that. And he tried to just keep crawling over the edge of the stairs for the second time yesterday. Not a lot of situational awareness. Rilka seems like she might figure out doorknobs in the next month...

### [[RT]]
What does Donna's father really think of her/us/me/the kids? It is interesting (or is it, perhaps just completely normal) how he has a position of "power", as a father and as a homeowner and as someone with a significant amount of money in the bank, and yet also seems very young/unsophisticated in certain respects.

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
