### [[DW]]
I really liked when I got back from my bike ride yesterday and the cannon sounded for 12 noon, which is when I was trying to get back by. I am also doing a good job on documenting my training sessions with additional details.

### [[CI]]
First step syndrome. I am quite good at this - exploring possible first steps - but then often fail to take the less exciting or more tedious 2nd/3rd/4th steps. I am thinking of going to Legget and finding a few houses that seemed kind of nice. But then not following up and finding out about financing. I should do that. Today. 

### [[GMD]]
Just a moment ago I pointed out that Amos was playing with a pickle strainer and making a bunch of grunting noises. Donna looked over and we shared a brief moment of comedy. It made me just think that I am lucky to have both this time off to watch the kids do all their weird “stuff” and also that I get to share it with someone who appreciates it similarly. 

### [[IMD]]
I find it annoying when Donna is on shift and Amos is fussing and she isn’t doing anything or playing with RIlka. But I realise that I let Amos fuss a lot too on my shifts. Something about it being your shift makes it easier to ignore?

### [[NK]]
Rilka seems pretty good at figuring things out. Last night she got up on the couch on her own after many many failed attempts, but grabbing the couch covering and using it to pull up on. She then repeated it two more times but I have not seen her do it today. Now she is playing with the nail trimmer machine. It is also interesting how drawn they are to novelty. Amos ignored all his toys except the pickle strainer because he had never seen it before.

### [[RT]]
I hope that Amos’s penis is not just “messed up” going forweard now. Though perhaps it will be good for him in a “boy named sue” manner? But I think that the circumcision may have gotten messed up by the penis being inside the fat pouch and it may have kind of melded to the edges. Could be a mess to fix.
