### [[DW]]
Organised a nice lunch at Buma. The swim idea was a bit of a dud - too wavy and the rocks were hard to walk on - but overall getting out and doing something together was fun and worthwhile.

### [[CI]]
I am not taking advantage of the time I have to sleep, once again. Need to go back to schedule of before, which I plan to do next week.

### [[GMD]]
I felt like we had a nice midday adventure today with a (moderately successful) swim with the kids followed by a lunch at Büma. It just felt nice to be doing something together and I appreciated that Donna was willing to do it during what was her “off” time. Overall, there was a level of enthusiasm for the project that I find leads to a helpful feedback loop on my side.

### [[IMD]]
I think that I can express a bit more appreciation for the things that Donna does. At times I feel annoyed when she is what I perceive to be “wimpy” about some physical things - knowing that she can push hard when she wants to. But it seems logical that the better way forward is to reinforce when she does do something a bit hard - like helping carry the stroller down the stairs to the beach.

### [[NK]]
They seem to be adding to their repertoire of expressions. Don’t know if this is from observing us, or just a natural development, but there is a new level of subtlety that seems to be appearing. I don’t always like it as at times it seems like they are judging me, and unfavourably.   

### [[RT]]
What is it that I get out of watching people compete - like when I watched the 2016 mens olympics triathlon last night - what was the point of that?

