### [[DW]]
I don’t think that I have been spoiling the kids.

### [[CI]]
I think that I have not really made a maximal effort in terms of trying to optimise the environment that the kids are experiencing. I think that simple repetitive things that reveal the physics of the world would be good to show them more frequently.

### [[GMD]]
I enjoyed our conversation last night - it was another extended Brain Pickings quote, this time from 7 thinkers about how to “live life”. We discussed it for about 30 minutes, and the discussion, overall felt productive. There is still residual tension for some reason when we have these types of interactions but it does feel like it continues to move in the right direction.

### [[IMD]]
I still have nothing planned for mother’s day. I should not leave these types of events to the last minute as I tend to. SUNDAY. Need to get organised.

### [[NK]]
I like how enamoured with the balcony the kids currently are. It is fun to watch them watch the world go by, and see how they find it interesting. See what captures their attention. I also was impressed by Rilka’s technique of getting INTO the toy box herself and then stepping on the toys in the toy box to crawl onto the couch. Right now she is hanging of of my shorts and just poked her finger through the hold in the middle of the stool up my butt. Not bad. Amos seems fussier and fussier as he continues to NOT learn how to crawl. Or even really attempt on his own. Tempted just to let him fuss until he learns. That said, he is more mobile, in term of moving from back to front and spinning himself on his stomach.

### [[RT]]
Is Amos going to have any residual mental effect from this time when Rilka is able to get more attention because she is mobile and he is forced to self-amuse to a higher degree?

