### [[DW]]
Improving tone a bit. For example when asking Donna not to pick up Amos. 

### [[CI]]
I still feel annoyed when I am on duty and Donna is interacting with them. I think that part of it is annoyance about the fact that I want them to be playing independently, and also because she seems to feel that her time is limited but then is using it unnecessarily.

### [[GMD]]
It was nice having sex with Donna yesterday. It feels like an interesting combination of something intensely momentary and unthinking and outside the world, with, in this case, the possibility of something almost the opposite in the creation of a new life. I like that dynamic.

### [[IMD]]
I need to learn a better way to communicate with Donna about how I don't want her to keep spoiling Amos with the picking up. It makes things worse for him. It is like leaving him with the bottle after he is finished eating. You are doing it for yourself more than for him.

### [[NK]]
This morning Rilka reached out to offer Amos some bread that she was eating. She then withdrew her hand and ate it herself but it was a nice gesture. In general she seems to have a sense of giving things to people that naturally, as an adult/parent, we interpret as some form of low level generosity. Amos' crawling has really sped up, and he is still enjoying his butt spins, especially while bobbing his head in all directions. I am curious if when Rilka walks around with a fork in spoon they have any connection to her experience with spoons, or if it is just a random shape.

### [[RT]]
Are we really getting in over our heads with all of these commitments (France, MTL, Toronto)? There is a version where we are...even if the likelier version is that we are not...really...that it is just a minor annoyance with nice long terms outcomes.

---
- [x] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
