### [[DW]]
I did some decent thinking about the paper and analysis strategies last night. I think that I should continue this tonight.

### [[CI]]
I need to be a bit more thoughtful about my time in the mornings with the kids. Today I took them to the park and shopping but it was a token park session and in the end it meant as well that I didn’t have time to do my daily activities that I normally get done while watching them in the morning.

### [[GMD]]
I enjoyed last night when Donna seemed genuinely excited about sending in her paper, and was offering to read me parts of it. I am quite impressed with how she has put it together and although I know that she doesn’t feel like it is fully representative of her deepest interests and potential perhaps another way to look at it is: this is how good a job I can do on something that is adjacent to my deep interests, so imagine where things could go if I could improve the alignment.  

### [[IMD]]
I have a memory of being short with Donna yesterday when she kept asking me to repeat things. I find it so annoying when it is three times. One was when she asked to be woken if the washing machine guy arrived. The doorbell buzzed and I said “doorbell”. Then had to repeat it two more times. By the third I was using a really annoyed tone of voice. Perhaps after the first I should check - are you paying attention? Though that also seems a bit childish.

### [[NK]]
Rilka’s standing still seems magical each time. Today she did it in the park for two boys who wanted to play soccer with me. Amos has gotten really good at clonking his head and then having minimal complaints. It is a bit concerning. 

### [[RT]]
Funny how I felt a bit awkward around those boys. Perhaps that will change as I deal with my own kids of their age. But I just wanted to kind of do my own thing yet felt at the same time that I didn’t want to “let them down”...