### [[DW]]
Had a productive morning. When I found myself not sleepy I got up and worked on the paper revisions - which are not exciting to do but important to be done with.

### [[CI]]
I am a bit scattered in terms of my organization at this point. Really need to get things laid out in a concrete way once we are heading back to Toronto.

### [[GMD]]
I enjoyed both going through houses in MTL last night with Donna and also then doing the Gottman exercises. We were both burning the midnight oil a bit but also seemed to both be into it, which was neat.

### [[IMD]]
I need to be better about having an idea about what Donna is up to and working on.

### [[NK]]
I can hear Amos grunting like he is trying to take a poo in the next room. I wonder if it is a bit unpleasant when he is passing his dry nuggets. Also it looks like Amos and Rilka were both just in the kids cupboard as they are carrying around plastic produce now. And Rilka also has a fork. She just put the plastic cucumber on the floor. Amos has a tiny plastic banana in his mouth and is grunting.

### [[RT]]
What are the odds that things work out as we might hope? i.e. that we get a good house in Montreal and are successful in renting it out to good tenants and also that we are able to cover the carrying cost of the Toronto condo when we leave and get into a creche in Nice and Donna gets a free ride for a data science bootcamp (ideally insight) and then an offer for a well-paying postdoc? And that my thesis work (experimental and writing) goes great and I really get into it? And that we get pregnant in the next two months?

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [x] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [x] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
