### [[DW]]
I had an idea for a story/movie while sleeping and wanted to remember it but also wanted to go back to sleep but made myself take a voice memo to record it. Think I most likely would have forgotten it otherwise (although I remember it now, but perhaps because I made the memo).

### [[CI]]
Not being strict on the drinking front - and haven’t communicated my decision to Donna. Need to do so today and then have one drink day this weekend.

### [[GMD]]
Overall I am really appreciative of the effort Donna has made both to do the weekly 3 good/2 improvable list, as well as her daily appreciations. It feels like an important level of communication that can sometimes get lost in the day to day of life. I think it could be good at a certain point to go over these. Perhaps on a bi-monthly basis? Just to remind ourselves of the thoughts we had had, in order to remember what we may have improved or still could work on. Maybe this becomes a version of a future planning session?

### [[IMD]]
I think that I am a bit too negative/judgy on Donna’s stuff. I put it down in a way that is really silly. Why critique the people from Massey who were talking last night. I think that the more generous approach is to find what you like about what they say. Let her be the first to point out limitations.

### [[NK]]
Just right now Rilka crawled up into the tea cart thing that we have in our apartment (on the bottom level where we had some blankets) and then Amos started pushing the cart back and forth (banging it into the wall) and laughing. Rilka had a more subdued response but was smiling at certain points. She then got herself out, which I was impressed with, and then started kind of patting Amos on the head. He wasn’t crazy about that. And now she just came up to the computer cord and went to reach for it and I said “no” and she paused. And then tried to step “over” the cord. Impressive.   

### [[RT]]
How is my heart doing? And what effects it? And to what degree? Sleep? Alcohol? And what is the kindest/healthiest way I could treat it going forward?
