### [[DW]]
I didn't do a great job but I think I am working toward not being offended by mom's judge-y grandparenting style. You always pay for help in some way. And this is the price of mom's help. 

### [[CI]]
Still could do a lot of work on not feeling defensive in these situations. I will have my time to work on things on my own with the kids. It can also help if I explain goals and actions in advance.

### [[GMD]]
While it wasn't my favorite way to spend a day, I did enjoy the time I spent with Donna going through our apartment options. Trying to make the best choice. I look forward to doing similar things but with longer term outlooks and bigger stakes.

### [[IMD]]
I found that there were multiple points yesterday when I caught myself thinking that I was reacting this way because I was tired. I need to get further away from those bad reactions so that they are not just below the surface.

### [[NK]]
This isn't exactly neat but it has been interesting to see how Amos has changed. It is hard to know how much is physical, but the amount of whining an complaining he does has gone way up. It makes me wonder if this is not physical whether it is just an internally motivated development phase, or something that is a reaction to aspects of his environment.

### [[RT]]
I can't wait to get out of here. I think that I do not want to spend a month in NS again. It is too long. Quarantine perhaps did not help, but I don't like the lack of independence. I find myself even resenting mom at times. Tired of her. Just wanting life without another person pushing their views, even if gently, in a fairly constant way.

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [x] Stretch
- [x] Read 10
- [x] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
