### [[DW]]
Got through yesterday. It was a long and tiring day and I had a few moments when I was grumpy but I was able to largely get beyond it. And when I wasn't I was able to apologize to Donna afterwards.

### [[CI]]
Need to be better about taking care of myself in these situations. Realize when I am becoming too stressed to be productive. Looking for the Uber was an example of that. And sleep. Need to get back on that. Keep saying "next" week will be normal. Need to have a strong enough schedule/routine to overcome the non-normal. 

### [[GMD]]
I enjoyed the moment yesterday when we met up after Donna had been in the park a while and I had been at the Arepera restaurant grabbing us an early dinner. It felt like we had both had a very minor adventure before re-uniting, and also that we were looking at things in a fun way (i.e. imagine if we actually lived here and this was our neighborhood).

### [[IMD]]
When I was really annoyed with her "trying to help" questions I should have just expressed my feelings and needs - told her I was feeling stressed and I just wanted to move through this moment on my own.

### [[NK]]
At times it really seems like the kids are interacting and amusing each other. They will shake their heads back and forth and then the other will laugh. Rilka seems to lead - they were doing it while in their carseats on the train back from Montreal last night.

Also Amos' expressions when going down the slide, and how he kind of nudged himself forward until he got to the "sliding" point were pretty neat.

### [[RT]]
How much stress would buying the house create? And would we actually be in a position to buy in the spring? And what would the market be like then?

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
