### [[DW]]
Have been doing a good job with my morning sessions. Have kept on task and been productive. Interesting that those are the original schedule items, and that I have been less consistent with the added afternoon items.

Also I just committed to going back to my old sleep schedule. 

### [[CI]]
I think that I need to come up with a better lineup of videos to watch in my shoulder time. Need to remember to look to my YouTube “watch later” list. 

### [[GMD]]
I appreciate that Donna was flexible without any notice on Friday when I suggested going to the beach to do the Agile General Assembly workshop. I had been thinking about doing that during the day when it was nice out and I knew that we had the babysitter, but hadn’t communicated that to Donna (which I want to be better at). Sometimes this feels like it leads to some understandable resentment as she feels like I am not respecting her time/schedule, but in this case it felt like she acted generously and supported the idea I was excited about (but had poorly forwarded about). That felt good.

### [[IMD]]
I need to think more about how to get my needs addressed in the situations like the shower drain incident this morning without being confrontational. I think that I can still basically get what I need but the “attack” approach definitely does not pay off. It felt like I needed to point out that she was wrong but I don’t need to do that. I just wanted her do DEAL with the problem. I think I could help her doing that by calmly and reasonably stating what seem like the alternatives to me and then asking if she sees other alternatives or problems with my suggestions.

### [[NK]]
Amos has finally made a “little” physical progress. Both with his penis being a tiny bit bigger, and also with his ability to get from a crawling position into a sitting position. Though he still can’t get in a crawling position on his own. Or at least doesn’t care to. Rilka is now able to get onto the couch on her own. She is currently standing with one foot on Amos’s back. 

### [[RT]]
What would the mental and financial arithmetic look like if we bought a place in the south of France? And should we even be considering this area based on our limited knowledge? Would it make us money? Would we enjoy coming for winters? Would friends come to visit? Would it be more fun to build our own place somewhere with direct flights from US/Canada? Maybe Puerto Rico?
