### [[DW]]
Got a decent nights sleep. Didn’t pressure myself too much about maintaining schedule with the disruption due to the move and lack of sleep. But also didn’t let myself get too lax.

Have maintained inbox zero and just got rid of all tabs but one that do not need to be open.

### [[CI]]
Should take a shower right after my bike ride.

### [[GMD]]
This is more of something I noticed about myself but it made me also appreciate the fact that Donna has, in general, been pretty accommodating of my tendency to make plans in my own head and act on them - all the while not (or at the last minute) sharing those plans with her. Today I went for a bike ride without mentioning that I was expecting Donna to deal with the kids in the unlikely event that they woke up early. I was already into my bike ride when I realised this and then was in touch with Donna but she was generous and forgiving in a way that definitely increased my motivation to become better at this aspect of my communication.

### [[IMD]]
I just kind of shushed Donna while she was trying to draw my attention to Amos because I was annoyed that she is not focussed on her own work and is doing everything she can to avoid it. Like coming and playing on the bed with us and then checking on Rilka and then watching Amos. On their own these are all fine things but then I know that there is going to be a part of her upset/stressed by how little she got done and in the meantime she is frittering her time.

Also we had a minor argument earlier today that involved Donna taking a non-logical position (in my view). I cut it off without much residual damage but still need to improve my patience on these interactions.

### [[NK]]
I think Amos actually looks really good in the tight blue pants with white polka dots I got with Rilka in mind. Also Amos did this thing yesterday where he started bonking his head against the cart/trolly that the TV was on and now houses our baby stuff.   

### [[RT]]
Do the kids get enough stimulation? Would they be better off with more/different toys? Are the walks I take them on helping or hindering?

