### [[DW]]
I emailed Andrew last night to let him know I would be a day late with the analyses, instead of just not sending them as scheduled. Also I think that I am doing a good job in organising the analyses more rigorously.

### [[CI]]
My evenings have strayed into a bit of incoherence. I think that I am partly giving myself a pass because time is short, but I think that this is something that I need to improve in general. Not throwing away discipline because it is the beginning or end of something.

Also need to make a list of things to buy before leaving here.

### [[GMD]]
Last night at the end of my shift Donna met me at the beach which was nice in a few ways. I was appreciative that she was willing to cut into her work time to do something “special”, and then to be fine with the fact that we couldn’t really do the special thing. And then that she feels comfortable with my mom to the point where we can call her and Donna can essentially do all of the talking.

### [[IMD]]
Should re-schedule regular future planning for both of us.

### [[NK]]
I really like how a new piece of packaging can be so much fun. Right now Amos is playing with the plastic container some spinach came in and Rilka has the bottle/box for some soy milk. They have both been playing with their items for about 15 minutes nonstop. 

### [[RT]]
Curious how much the coaching that Michael Lewis got helped his singing and how much was just his practice. And if he did the same thing as me each day (but for an hour) how much improvement would he have made? The flip side to this is how much benefit would I get from a professional voice coach?