### [[DW]]
Committed to a restart after a couple of days of disruption due to the move and then a poor nights sleep. 

Doing a good job of focussing on little things like admin that don’t require me to be rested but will feel good to have done.

### [[CI]]
A bit too much dawdling on the travel decision. The time being put in, along with the low level mental bandwidth it takes up on an ongoing basis, is not a good tradeoff for any minor optimising that might be possible by waiting, especially at this point.

### [[GMD]]
Yesterday I reacted strongly when Donna arrived at the apartment and the kids/car seats were covered in croissant after an en route snack. Donna saw that I was upset, and even though I had done a poor job of accurately communicating my feelings, she reached out and asked me how I was doing, and in what felt like a genuine way. This gesture or bid defused the situation and allowed us to reconnect in a way that we would not have been able to do so quickly in the past.

### [[IMD]]
I was generally a bit rude/abrupt with Donna yesterday because I was feeling tired, stressed, and not happy about our new living situation. I think that I need to recognise these types of feelings and deal with them with a walk or journal or something else that is productive.

### [[NK]]
Amos is doing a much better job of sitting up on his own. He even had a bit of a wipe out while sitting up today and then caught himself and sat back up. Rilka climbed stairs on her own for the first time (crawled up and then came down sideways).  

### [[RT]]
Who actually speaks better French, me or Donna? And in what dimensions?

