### [[DW]]
I succeeded in getting Donna to agree to a schedule I made for her in an effort to help her keep on track a bit better, and, also to conduct an experiment on using knowledge of someone to try and nudge their time usage in a productive direction. Curious to see how it goes.

### [[CI]]
Didn’t do enough of the causality course. Also I think that I should perhaps take a few notes while going through it.

### [[GMD]]
The weekend was a nice one, overall. I felt like there is variance in our relationship, of course, but I also feel that the trend is a positive one. And while there wasn’t anything particularly noteworthy about the weekend I felt that we did a good job of “having fun” as a couple on Saturday night and also felt like we tread on some terrain that we have not been very successful in navigating in the past with why efforts to “help” Donna in some way. Help is the wrong word, collaborate is better. And I think that this is what made it feel more organic this time, is that it did feel more collaborative than directive. 

### [[IMD]]
This is a minor one, but today when Donna was on a work block she stopped because Rilka came up to her in order to walk Rilka around by her hands. I was a bit short with her that she “couldn’t do that”. I should have expressed sympathy (hard to ignore them!) instead, but also indicated that this was not flexible in that 

### [[NK]]
Amos continues his investigations. Right now he is playing with the Jolly Jumper harness. Also it is weird because Rilka almost never “real” laughs. Just her fake laugh, and sometimes a squeak laugh but just in a short burst. 

### [[RT]]
Who is going to be proved right re: the COVID stuff. How large of an effect does the social distancing have. Why is there some much buy-in? How would you even begin calculating the real costs? What would have been the numbers if we really and truly had done nothing?

