### [[DW]]
Spent my "stay up late" time doing something actually productive (linear algebra)

### [[CI]]
Perhaps a bit more research on childcare options as well as dedicating some time allotment to "housing" writ large could be helpful. For example:
- what are the logistics of buying/building?
	- pricing
		- custom plans
		- prefab
	- financing
		- rental market
		- build/buy/reno
	- timing
	- US/Canada/International

### [[GMD]]
I enjoyed our trip to Shoppers Drug Mart last night. It felt good to have a very mini trip with just the two of us, and we were both in good moods and had some time to talk about future "stuff", in particular a new job possibility (post-doc) for Donna. We were able to continue that conversation back home and overall it felt like a much improved version of a future conversation.

### [[IMD]]
I need to find a way to explain to Donna where it is okay/important to value her skillset without it feeling like bravado.

### [[NK]]
Amos really learned how to spin on his butt yesterday, mostly counter-clockwise. He could combine this with crawling which really seemed to give him the feeling of having locational agency. Both kids can eat with their pincer grasp but Amos is definitely the less coordinated. He kind of rapidly moves his hand in the general direction of his open mouth but often misses. Rilka seems to recognize Ev, who taught her how to nod, and then nod when she sees her.

### [[RT]]
What would it be like to live in Fort Collins? Is it the right decision to not go for it now? It does give a bit of that FOMO feeling but how much of that feeling should you be willing to ignore?

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
