### [[DW]]
I think I am getting better at conceptualizing how I "should" react to my mom and Donna's insinuations regarding the kids. Which is not at all. And just to be polite. Kind of like the patience espoused in Shogun. Don't show emotion - and try not to even have the emotions. These are statements that do not reflect on you, or change you.

### [[CI]]
Could definitely improve how I can dwell on these things. Like how I got so annoyed that Donna piped up that they normally are napping by now today at 9:13. I immediately created a narrative of why I was right, and she was wrong. That they had slept in much later today than previous days. That they had been doing well/been cheerful and playing, etc.

### [[GMD]]
It was nice being in bed and goofing around with Donna (of course she wanted to sleep) last night. There is something about being sleepy and buzzed and next to someone that you have the potential for having so much fun with that is neat. I appreciate it.

### [[IMD]]
Sometimes when Donna does things that could involve me - like the call with Luke - I am only half present or actively un-present. I think that I should be clearer about whether I want to be involved or not, and if I choose to be involved to really be present.

### [[NK]]
I like thinking of Amos as a mini, clumsy, breakdancer. As he flails his arms around and spins on his butt. Rilka ate a huge piece of banana today which totally filled her mouth and immediately reached for more banana.

### [[RT]]
Is mom driving home from these parties fairly buzzed? What is the drunk driving rate in Pictou County? The impaired accident/fatality rate?

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [x] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
