### [[DW]]
I have done well to take a rest “week” from cycling. I will be eager to go on Sunday (I think). Need to read up a bit on how to avoid cramps. Have been doing a good job of napping during the day yesterday.

### [[CI]]
I think that I need to be better about keeping in touch with people. Finding easy points to connect like birthdays or other, shared experiences. I am not bad at this but I think that there are dividends paid to being very good. For example I should be in touch with Beth directly.

### [[GMD]]
I appreciated that Donna indulged me last night when I was trying to talk through what her “ideal” job would be at IBM. This is a somewhat fraught topic area for us, and something we continue to navigate, but, as in other areas, it feels like we are at least making forward progress. Even without really nailing the right tone (one mainly of genuine interest), Donna was willing to engage and think through some possible scenarios.

### [[IMD]]
I think that I could do a better job about sharing my thinking and concerns regarding the future with her. I find that she doesn’t ask so much as she is a bit wrapped up in her own things, but I believe that it would probably be helpful to her both in terms of sparking ideas as well as showing how this is a process (the figuring out) that everyone struggles with.

### [[NK]]
Today the kids had a really nice play session where Amos and Rilka were goofing around with one of the foam tiles. Kind of pushing it against each other and struggling to gain control of it, and Amos kind of bonking Rilka with it and her kind of squishing his face with it. They just really seem to be starting the beginning of their “playing together” journey these last couple of weeks.

 ### [[RT]]
Is Amos going to be laid back and non-proactive in life? An Andrew? Curious how these early personalities translate into performance in school - both socially and scholastically - as well as sports and general interests. 