### [[DW]]
Didn’t try and push through in a highly compromised condition. I think the risk is getting discouraged or associating the tasks I am doing with the way that I am feeling. This was due to Amos being sick and crying all night on Sunday night...kind of good that it happened at the beginning of the week sop now it still feels like a “week”, just with a long weekend.

### [[CI]]
Perhaps should still do the journal and typing (i.e. daily stuff) even on sick days. 

Also perhaps a good idea to shop at the fruit and vegetable store just below our apartment.

### [[GMD]]
I mentioned to Donna to try getting fish at the local fishmonger and she went and seemed to enjoy going. Kind of a personal neat experience, but also pretty expensive. Which made it a bit special too. I think that coming up with little ways of making a meal/day/experience special, even when it is not, by definition “special” is something that Donna is talented at doing and I am not very good at, but want to improve. Because it is fun.

### [[IMD]]
I was really quite rude to Donna, even if it was not intended in that way. I said something which I cringe at thinking back. “Speak up!”. Not with a big exclamation mark, but I don’t think it is the kind of comment that makes Donna feel good, or confident, or any of the things she needs to feel generally and especially when she is trying to present herself for an interview. I was tired and said so afterwards but that is still a bad excuse. I was frustrated that she had messed up my tabs on my computer and then was acting as if she hadn’t. She just didn’t understand and hadn’t known what she was doing.

### [[NK]]
Yesterday I was “getting” Amos and he was rolling away like a log. Since he doesn’t know how to crawl. And still thinks that somehow by lifting his arms and legs as far off the floor as possible perhaps his whole body will lift off. Maybe he is trying to mimic the process of getting carried. As tbh that is the only way he currently has experienced of moving from one place to another. A bit of a conceptual leap to think about propelling himself.

### [[RT]]
What are the pros/cons of staying in France for the summer? Should we move to Austria? A cheap apartment in Innsbruck? Or perhaps Copenhagen? Somewhere we can go outside and “do” stuff?

