### [[DW]]
Did a pretty good job during admin time to try and do admin things. Responded to emails. Tried to duplicate 9y40 website.

Tried hard during my bike session.

### [[CI]]
Used fatigue as an excuse to skip the writing session. That would have been okay had I actually gotten solid sleep during that time. Instead I futzed a bit with reading.

Also had a call with Phillip that extended into over an hour. It was nice to connect but it was not part of my plan and it shot my plan to finish my art application. Need to find times for these things that are NOT cutting into my scheduled time. Much better to do when looking after kids.

### [[GMD]]
I had a conversation with Donna after finding out last night that both the Data Science for Social Good and the Harvard computational approaches summer programs were cancelled, in which she was trying to strategise as to what I could replace those summer plans with. I appreciated the gesture but wasn’t that into thinking about it at that point in time. Instead of communicating that clearly I was mainly just short/unengaged with my responses, which I want to improve, but the good part, in my opinion, was how Donna was able to not take it personally and actually just state that she was going to disengage, which I appreciated at that point in time. Then we were able to set a future time to discuss it when we would both be into it. It wasn’t a model of communication, but it felt like progress.

### [[IMD]]
I should have been clearer with Donna about my need for some space in the aftermath of getting the news.

### [[NK]]
Rilka yesterday got DOWN for the first time. She was on the couch and then started to let go and figured out how to get back into crawling position.

### [[RT]]
What would 28 year old version of me be doing in this situation if I was on my own? Trying to do some sort of art project? More interaction with the “world”?

