### [[DW]]
Made a couple of thoughtful gestures in terms of helping Donna carry the stuff from the Uber and also then giving her a shoulder massage this morning. Its easy and she responds well to that stuff so makes sense to keep thinking of ways to manifest these thoughtful moments.

### [[CI]]
Futzing at night. Get on some sort of stricter schedule.

### [[GMD]]
I appreciated when Donna came to bed briefly last night before going back to work - I don't know why but I really like goofing around with Donna before going to sleep. Last night was kind of perfect because I didn't have to worry about riling her up since she wasn't going to bed. I also appreciated how she was willing to give up some of her time to look at apartments online.

### [[IMD]]
Again this is a marginal gain but when we were discussing the apartment possibilities in Toronto think that I did a better job than in the past of not being rude about pushing my idea forward, but still have room to grow.

### [[NK]]
I think that I am able to encourage Rilka to stand up from a squat when I model it. Amos has figured out how to put things in boxes and seems to enjoy it.

### [[RT]]
Does the lady who lives upstairs at this airbnb know that I should not be biking? And does she judge me for it? Has she considered reporting me?

- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type


[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
