### [[DW]]
Getting to bed a bit earlier. Doing a good job of mostly not drinking during the week.

### [[CI]]
Artistic stuff has really fallen off the plate. Need to start thinking about how to add those back in.

### [[GMD]]
I liked seeing Donna emailing/talking/organizing with Dee and the guy from ICE finance (Gary?). It feels good to think that we are both working behind the scenes (so to speak) to try and develop options/plans for our life moving forward. And though I was bummed about the pregnancy result, I was slightly surprised in a good way about how much Donna was hoping for it to be positive.

### [[IMD]]
I think that we should discuss the Gottmann institute email each week. Too little reflection on the relationship.

### [[NK]]
Amos can really crawl quite quickly now. And he went over the transition from inside/outside over the threshold of the sliding glass door fairly astutely yesterday. I am curious whether his crawling is developing at the same rate as Rilka's? Faster? Slower? Rilka is tearing around walking now. She also has a fun acceleration she does when she is close to someone's legs and can lose her balance into them.

### [[RT]]
Just thinking about how annoying/not annoying? it might be to drive to and from NYC to deal with the apartment and also picking up the bike rims etc. at the Niagara Falls shipping center.

---
- [x] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
