### [[DW]]
Have been fairly diligent in trying to help Amos get the sensations of crawling. Also did a good job of making “shower time” fun for Rilka so she is no longer afraid and actually seems to enjoy it.

### [[CI]]
Now that I am extending my walk times again on Mon/Wed I should think about how to maximise them under the given constraints. I think that just one good Blinkist and then time to think about it might be a good start.

### [[GMD]]
I felt like our conversation with Roger was a good one. I appreciated that Donna brought up a moment that she had felt was unresolved and that we tried to dig into it in a meaningful way. It felt, with Roger’s help, that we were actually making real progress. I think that part of our issue is - and this even came up in our call - is that we are spending so much time feeling like the other side doesn’t “get” where we are coming from (and that we want to clarify/present our position) that we fail to truly make an effort to understand the feelings/drives/desires of the other person. I think that, as we discussed, there is a long road ahead, but it at least seems that we are making forward progress along it.

### [[IMD]]
In or patio conversation post-dinner, following our call with Roger, we tried to continue sussing out what it was that made our arguments so unpleasant. I think that it devolved a bit without Roger’s help. I think that I have to get better at resisting the desire to prove that I am RIGHT. Even if I strongly feel that way.

### [[NK]]
I like that Rilka is non-shy about using her voice. And that when the lady came to talk to her the other day she smiled and was not “afraid”. I want them both to have this attitude of comfort in the world and the ability to be themselves. Rilka now also seems to have a habit of crying right when she is put down. She knows what is going on and doesn’t like it.  

### [[RT]]
Do I get a PhD? I still don’t feel like I have found a path of research, and currently I feel like I am dilettante-ing around learning about the latest deep learning techniques (but not really learning since I can’t fully understand the concepts). I think that I need to refocus myself on the questions I wish to answer. The problems I would like to address. Then see what tools from my field (and outside) might best serve the goal. 

