### [[DW]]
Have been pretty good about entering my receipts in YNAB. I think that the technique of always getting receipts and then entering them is pretty good unless you commit to entering the bills EVERY SINGLE TIME. Which could perhaps be even better.

### [[CI]]
I have not been doing much filming of the kids with the “good” camera. Need to work on that today.

### [[GMD]]
Last night on my way to bed I went to say goodnight to Donna who was working on her computer in the bedroom and she wanted to show me the job she was considering applying for. It led to what actually felt like a better than average conversation about future possibilities. I think our communication style and unvoiced needs has in the past made these conversations a bit fraught. This time it felt we were both more successful in listening to each other. So that was nice. Feels like more small steps in the right direction.

### [[IMD]]
I have said this before. Along with sleep I need to figure out how to create more intimacy with Donna. Date nights. Day trips. Impromptu sex. I  need to think about my tie up with youthful bodies.

### [[NK]]
I am watching Amos struggle right now to manoeuvre.  It is kind of funny, but also touching as he is so bad at it and it seems like he has to work so hard. But he also gets annoyed and gives up. Which doesn’t serve him well. Rilka seems to be more determined. Also, it is Amos who is emerging as the pickier eater. Not really into the broccoli yesterday and refusing to eat the baby food with chunks of pasta.

### [[RT]]
What would it be like actually designing a house in collaboration with Donna. In some ways it seems like we would need to be much improved in our communication to have it be a fun experience. But watching the videos of people who constructed remarkable homes is really inspiring.


