### [[DW]]
Overall I have been doing a good job at the summer school in terms of watching the videos and keeping up with the content.

### [[CI]]
I should have been more aggressive about protecting a chunk of time for myself during the summer school. Get better at saying "no".

### [[GMD]]
I enjoyed sitting at the dining room table with Donna last night and talking through housing options. It felt like we were working together to solve a mutual/family logistical tangle and that the outcome was going to be better because of our combined efforts.

### [[IMD]]
I got a bit annoyed again with Donna when we were doing the housing and she suggested that she would be fine with just doing virtual tours. To me it seemed silly - are you really going to commit to a place without seeing it in person? But I didn't express that well. My reaction was one of annoyance instead of trying to explain why for me seeing the places in person was important.

### [[NK]]
I was pretty impressed that Rilka learned how to nod her head up and down in the 'yes' motion in just a day when spending time with Ev. Also neat to see what they choose to play with now that they have so many options at Donna's parents place here in Burlington.

### [[RT]]
Is Rilka getting a bit spoiled now? How to react when she comes toward me to get picked up. I just don't think that I should always pick her up. Needs to learn how to play on her own, but also want her to feel securely attached. Seems impossible to know how to balance...

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
