### [[DW]]
Mostly finished my schedule and made an effort to do the Gottman tasks with Donna last night.

### [[CI]]
Need to figure out weekend. Also need to be careful about not sticking to the schedule. Need to give myself time to rest and rejuvenate.

### [[GMD]]
I was glad that we got back to the Gottmann 30 day challenge last night. I was tired and we had stopped doing them for almost 2 weeks but it was nice that we were both on board for continuing. I do think that we both feel these small efforts are important and lead to better outcomes.

### [[IMD]]
I need to be better about engaging with Donna when she attempts to engage with me - be it by looks, questions, etc. Sometimes when I am annoyed with her I try and minimize my engagement - not sure if that is to punish her for being annoying or to hide my annoyance from her - perhaps a bit of both.

### [[NK]]
Amos was doing a lot more standing at the park yesterday. I love taking them to the park and watching them explore. Rilka started really enjoying the slide yesterday and also crawled through the plastic tunnel. Amos seemed quite comfortable going up to other kids and trying to take their toys. I think this is probably from his experience with Rilka.

### [[RT]]
What is my time going to look like this semester? And am I setting myself up for problems? I read about the woman who works 16 hours/day and wonder about my own work ethic. But also wonder about her mindset? She has a family and no one is requiring this of her. 

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [x] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
