### [[DW]]
Had a pretty good work session. Focussed on programming and fixed my Visual Schedule app.

### [[CI]]
Didn’t do anything on the arts grants. Have to eat the frog. Perhaps should be doing that first in the afternoons. Will do that today.

### [[GMD]]
I was impressed that Donna went to the trouble of making roti last night after she had earlier asked me about which meals I would be looking forward to upon returning home. I appreciate gestures like that. I also appreciate when I see her being tidy, and know that it is likely mainly for my benefit. I know that I have a bit of a dislike of “gestures” but I feel like these particular gestures at least are appreciated. I think what I have more of an issue with is a gesture that is just a gesture, or mainly a gesture.

### [[IMD]]
We had a conversation about recording the podcast where I was a bit short with Donna. I asked her if she had written anything down in prep. She said that she wanted to do it just off the cuff. I pointed out that structure would be good - it felt that she was just being lazy which rubbed me the wrong way. But my approach was one of critiquing her instead of trying to present the possibility of something really good that she would want to prepare for.

### [[NK]]
Came up with a way to try to train Amos at crawling. It involves the green sports roller thing and a pillow from the couch. I put the roller in front and drape his arms over and then his chest and stomach rest on the pillow, elevating that part of his body, while his legs from the knees down touch the floor. Then I manipulate his legs, from behind, to make him move forward across the floor with a crawling motion. Except his chest/upper body is just sliding on the roller and pillow. But he at least doesn’t find it annoying. 

Also they continue to make more meaningful eye contact.

### [[RT]]
How big will Amos’ penis finally be? And is it going to be something that causes him stress?

