### [[DW]]
Have kept up me email system for going on 6 months now!

### [[CI]]
Need to really come up with a plan for revisiting the +-+-+ with Donna.

Also no future planning has been happening.

OR podcasts.

Also need to do a budget of big ticket items (bike, trainer, iPhone, macbook, etc.) to see which I can afford...getting quite a few new financial "drains" in my life...maybe not get insurance on bike and camera??

### [[GMD]]
I think I have just come to generally appreciate our set up in Toronto which was largely Donna's doing. She pushed for the location, and also set up the daycare opportunity way back when. I think our lives are pretty great and I like the fact that part of that is due to the work/thought of someone else who has aligned goals.

### [[IMD]]
The  [[CI]]s are a good example of things that I should be doing with Donna.

### [[NK]]
I just like how excited they are when they get to daycare. Reassuring. Also funny this morning as Rilka was barely awake when I went in and she half heartedly took the bottle and then just lay face down on her stomach with her head turned trying to drink from it.

### [[RT]]
What the fuck key combination am I pressing that is removing the note I am in the middle of typing? It seems to have something to do with the shift key but what else??

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [x] Stretch
- [x] Read 10
- [x] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
