### [[DW]]
Organized the condo viewings. Not positive we are going in that direction but have a much better feel for the condo set up/situation.

### [[CI]]
I think that my sleep approach is irresponsible. Go the fuck to bed. Have been grumpy and at least partially unnecessarily. 

### [[GMD]]
I enjoyed going around to the condo viewings with Donna yesterday, not so much because the prospect of living in one of those Condos was so enticing but rather because it felt like fun to be doing future-oriented activities together.

### [[IMD]]
Have been very grumpy, in general, with Donna this past week largely tied to fatigue. Need to recognize that fatigue and overcome or explain.

### [[NK]]
Rilka has been very whiny and needy since our return to Canada. Also seems to have separation anxiety. And is afraid of Mike. I'm not a fan of any of those things and curious what proportion of the variance is explained externally vs. internally. Amos is crawling clumsily but perhaps for real in another week.

### [[RT]]
Joe is much more thoughtful than I originally gave him credit for. I think that I just didn't value communication. And since he wasn't particularly book smart I just pegged him down a notch. But he is great at maintaining friendships and is thoughtful about his own issues.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
