### [[DW]]
Once I got down to making questions for the TA course it went fairly quickly.

### [[CI]]
I am not using my weekend time very effectively. Partly because I am tired. Which is an improvement that I need to keep working toward.

### [[GMD]]
I appreciate that we seem so in sync in terms of what we find funny with the kids. For example Amos' butt spins. And the time over the weekend when I was trying to get him to butt spin (with moderate success), and Donna was recording the action.

### [[IMD]]
I think that I can do a better job checking in with how Donna is feeling during this busy time, as well as giving her a chance to keep sight of the important aspects of her Eisenhower matrix.

### [[NK]]
Amos is really pulling himself up more and more often and with more strength. Still not taking any steps, or doing any cruising, like Rilka did. Perhaps he still just doesn't have the leg strength because she was doing a lot of downward dogs before even pulling herself up. It was downward dogs first with her, then crawling, then pulling, and almost immediately cruising. When you try and hold Amos' hands to help him walk like we did with Rilka he thinks it is fun to pull his feet up toward his chest like the floor is lava.

### [[RT]]
I am curious how life with Jules will actually go. I think that we sold it pretty hard to him and I am curious how his expectations will align with reality. I honestly think there is a really good version of the scenario. But would also totally understand if he felt like it wasn't a good fit for him...

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
