### [[DW]]
Worked fairly hard on the [[data science for social good]] project. Felt motivated.

### [[CI]]
Need to be more rigorous on the housing search. Spend some more time building out the spreadsheets. Look for premade spreadsheets that I can use.

### [[GMD]]
I thought that it was a tough conversation last night that we had about Donna's plans for the next year but a good one in the sense that it felt like we were trying to listen to each other and understand the other person's position, if not perfectly, at least in a way that is miles ahead of where we used to be in situations like this. I also thought that it would be tough to be in Donna's position where people are giving their "theoretical" opinions when she is the one that actually has to live that "theory". 

### [[IMD]]
Again, I should go up with Donna when she is going to bed to at least tuck her in. Also could serve the dual purpose of breaking me out of whatever zoned in thing I am doing.

### [[NK]]
Amos was spinning on his butt for about 5 rotations yesterday while giving us the weirdest look. He was also kind of doing the figure skater thing where you remain looking at something as your body turns and then turn your head quickly. It was pretty funny, and fun to imagine him at the center of a breakdancing circle. Rilka went out to the garden today (well was brought out) and then crawled down and up the steep slopes going to the basement doors.

### [[RT]]
This is more of a stoner thought but it is so odd to think of the living room having a band playing and people dancing and it being my dad's 40th birthday party. I would have been 10. And now I am older than he was then. Hard to fathom.

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [x] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
