### [[DW]]
Got kids dropped off and sitting down doing my morning routine exactly at 9am. Also been going to sleep at a reasonable hour and obeying the no drink and in bed by 9:30pm rules I set for myself this week.

### [[CI]]
Keep better on top of my tabs.

### [[GMD]]
I enjoyed our impromptu bed hangout with the kids this morning. It feels very luxurious to have kids all over the place laughing and having fun in the mornings.

### [[IMD]]
I was a bit short with Donna this morning as I was annoyed at how she was interacting with the kids. I feel sometimes like she is trying to "suck up" to them because she wants them to like her. And that she would prefer that I deal with anything that might cause them to complain.

### [[NK]]
Rilka looked like an abominable snow person all dressed up in her new coat from daycare and way to big snowpants. Amos crawled up on the couch with her yesterday and they looked so funny both sitting on the couch looking pleased with themselves. The difference in caution between Amos and Rilka is striking. She turned around to carefully exit the elevator backwards when she saw the crack between the floor and the elevator whereas Amos didn't even notice it.

### [[RT]]
What do the people at daycare think of us as parents? As a family? Do they think that we might be poor?

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
