### [[DW]]
Designed a good bike ride for Saturday - and decided to go on Saturday to avoid rain. Didn’t end up raining Sunday but it was the correct choice, and the length of ride was another correct choice.

### [[CI]]
I think that I need to be more connected with political action. Like find a cause I care about, or one simple policy change that I would like to see happen, and expend some time and effort on that. I think that the project with Hause could be a good impetus for this choice.

### [[GMD]]
I really enjoyed hanging out in the park with Donna yesterday listening to the band play. I felt grateful that she was up for joining us on what was technically her “off” time. It felt like a mini adventure, which is something I really enjoy doing with Donna as it feels like she (generally) genuinely enjoys these mini escapades.

### [[IMD]]
I think that I jump on Donna a bit when she doesn’t protect the kids from falling but I am quite okay with it happening when I am on duty.

### [[NK]]
Rilka, yesterday, stood on her own for multiple seconds. It was trippy. It reminded me of when I first am able to do things and at the very beginning it feels unreal/magic. She didn’t even fall, just sat down after standing totally alone for 4-5 seconds.   

### [[RT]]
What are the creative ways of thinking about my goals that I am not maximising, or even tapping into. In terms of a home why not consider doing something with Matthew and Catherine? Isn’t an extended family of relatives “better”?


