### [[DW]]
Joined Mickey's lab meeting. Feels a bit weird that going forward Hause won't be there...but I like Mickey's lab...

### [[CI]]
Just work on pulling bedtime back and thinking (actually not thinking only but also documenting) what I am trying to get done each evening.

### [[GMD]]
I think that we are getting to a place where the fact that we don't get as upset with each other when we are not at are best has a nice carryover/feedback effect. Whereas before the other party might take offense to the degree that they may overreact (or at least act in a way that was perceived in that manner) and cause an escalation, last night I was getting frustrated with Donna because I felt like I was asking a specific/precise questions and getting a vague response and we went back and forth a bit each of us a bit exasperated with the other but it didn't land anywhere bad. Not that the interaction could not be much improved but the outcome was definitely a far cry from where it may have previously gone.

### [[IMD]]
When asking Donna for a recommendation I let myself get quite annoyed that she wouldm't just answer the question. I let it feel like there was intent which is highly unlikely. I think that I just need to be careful to very precisely word things so as not to provide room for misinterpretation.

### [[NK]]
It has been a week of daycare and there were still tears today, though not as much, and almost not at all for Amos. I think part of it is that I carry them in so it is going from my embrace to a stranger.

### [[RT]]
Why does Amos so violently dislike having his face wiped. There was a time when he became okay with it briefly but now it is back to hating it...why?

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
