### [[DW]]
I have been good about following up re: Montreal housing. Called Liam. Emailed Mike. Got in touch with Remy and Ana. Submitted the mortgage pre-approval doc.

### [[CI]]
I should still do a token amount of learning and writing each day. Just so that it stays top of mind.

### [[GMD]]
I liked today when I heard Donna on the phone talking to the childcare facility and I was dealing with housing stuff for Montreal - it is almost like we are doubling our productivity in a way that feels neat when we are both working on things for the "family".

### [[IMD]]
I over-reacted to Donna not paying attention tonight. I do the same thing. I need to always think about that before reacting.

### [[NK]]
Amos was in such an incredibly good mood after dinner tonight. Just high speed crawling everywhere while laughing his head off. Rilka really likes the pink plastic beach bag/basket. She sticks things in it and walks around with it. Plus she is getting to be pretty funny with the recorder. Just walking around with it in her mouth. And sometimes holding it out to me for me to give it a toot. I also really liked when they were in the bathroom together, one following the other in, and digging through the cupboard together.

### [[RT]]
Am I being a bit stubborn/headstrong buying in MTL (if we do)? I feel like it can't be that bad of an idea but am curious in what ways it will be unexpectedly annoying/bad...

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [x] Stretch
- [x] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
