### [[DW]]
I think that my French is actually improving, slowly, during the time that I am here.

### [[CI]]
If there is a return to France, or even for next month, I should strongly consider figuring out how to find a language partner.

### [[GMD]]
Yesterday I was in a bit of a minor bad mood booking the tickets, partly because TAP was looking to be a bit shadier of an airline than I was expecting/hoping. So thinking ahead and seeing the likelihood of hassles increasing was a bit annoying. And then in addition I found that there was a box to click about some sort of documentation you needed to enter the country (eTA) and so I asked Donna to take are of it since I was losing patience with the process. She was generous about stopping what she was doing and immediately looking into it (and eventually finding out that we didn’t actually need to do it). I also appreciated that she was able to deal with me not entirely concealing my frustration when I passed along the request.

### [[IMD]]
I got a bit annoyed sleeping last night when Donna was making noise, and left the bed in a bit of a huff. I fell like I need to get over my sensitivity but on the particular nights when I am really tired it seems like a bad idea to make that effort.

### [[NK]]
Rilka loves playing in the shower. Funny to hear her rattling around with the shampoo bottles all on her own. This started just a few days ago. Expanding her terrain of play. Amos in the meanwhile has been seated in the exact same spot the whole morning playing with the same toy...poor guy.

### [[RT]]
What in the heck is going to come of my thesis work? Am I making a good choice to move away from standard work/methods? I feel like I must be. But I also feel like I am standing on really thin ice due to the limitations of the bounds of my knowledge about the course of study/research I am proposing.

