### [[DW]]
Have been doing a pretty good job checking on flights home. Just need to be mindful of how much time I am spending for the “savings”.

I think I did a decent job on Mother’s Day - both for Donna and for Mom. The Donna side being slightly tainted by our argument (see later).

### [[CI]]
Didn’t organise things to start the week. I think that I should perhaps on Friday do a summary of the week, and then make a plan for the week to come. Then on Sunday night have a look at what didn’t get done over the weekend and what is coming up.

### [[GMD]]
I have been enjoying watching the documentary American Factory with Donna. I also really enjoy mindless good entertainment like Big Mouth, but there is something about both taking in information that we find interesting that I appreciate on a different (deeper?) level. Feels like the laughs for silly shows have less of a lasting trace perhaps.

### [[IMD]]
Had a “bad” conversation with Donna yesterday afternoon. I can get so triggered by Donna when I feel like she is adopting her high-horse irrational mode of argumentation. Even here I want to argue my side and show how she was WRONG. But that is where things get off base to start. I felt just totally exasperated with her and was willing to let it linger. I think that is a problem. It is almost like I want to punish Donna, so leaving a bad interaction unresolved is one way to do that.

### [[NK]]
Today when vacuuming Rilka was doing nervous laugh/whine sounds. But at the same time when I moved away from her she then approached. Like she was curious but also scared. Amos on the other hand was not scared at all. He was happy to just reach out and touch the head of  the vacuum as soon as it was within reach.

### [[RT]]
Will it be a hassle tomorrow at the doctor? I just want them to give me some testosterone, or other effective treatment and then let me “fix” Amos’s penis. And if it is a bit bigger than it would have been so much the better. Curious if the cause is on Donna’s side? Did her father have a small penis? Is it related to her having very small nipples?
