### [[DW]]
Just worth acknowledging that I have been doing a good job on my journal.

Still a question of expanding to the weekend but I think I like it as is.

### [[CI]]
Still haven’t made a good walk/listen list. Perhaps to do over the weekend. Adding to to Things now.

Also been getting behind on Things. Need to clean it up tonight.

### [[GMD]]
I think that sometimes I forget how incredibly unusual this year that we are having is. Not in the sense that it is objectively strange, but comparatively, i.e. when I compare it to the post kid years of most friends there are some pretty dramatic differences. This hits me at certain moments, and today there was one when, after finishing my news and singing practice I put on the “Star is Born” song “Shallow” and then kind of sang it “to” Rilka, who was on my knee. Then Donna, who had just started her break picked up Amos and brought him over and sang the female part to him. It was not a big deal but just a nice moment in the middle of the day that made me appreciate our set up.

### [[IMD]]
I think that I need to be better about my bedtime routine so that I can make Donna part of it in a more structured way. Have something picked out to read, that I want to share/discuss, and try and do that right at 9:30.

### [[NK]]
I loved when Rilka went into the kitchen (I put her by the water bottles on the floor, which she loves to play with), and she made her way to the large red recycling bag and just went to town for half an hour playing with all of the plastic and cardboard elements within. I also got a good shot of her trying to take toys out of the toy box with varying levels of success. Amos pushing up on arms a bit more than before, but still not using his knees/legs to get his torso off the ground.

### [[RT]]
Does dad buy a house? Should he buy a house? I can’t really see the downside scenario. 

