### [[DW]]
It's Friday and I have done a pretty good job of sticking to my schedule this week. Also made the pain au chocolats. Not bad.

### [[CI]]
I sometimes feel like I am not doing a good job of recognizing the "weeds". I am trying to do the dashboard in dash/plotly now and it is a major time suck. With no tangible output so far. Hard to know if it makes more sense to step back and just try and do interesting analysis - dataviz is meaningless otherwise, or whether I should get these skills because then I will have a more well equipped toolbox and can use them over and over.

### [[GMD]]
Today at a couple of points I found myself laughing at either Amos or Rilka and looked to Donna to point it out and saw that she had already noticed and was also laughing. I like that we both find our kids entertaining.

### [[IMD]]
I need to be better about bedtime stuff - for both of us. I do a bit too much dawdling before actually tucking in and I miss our bedtime conversations. In general not having enough non-logistical talking time.

### [[NK]]
Amos is in the corner of the living room by the bookshelf all by himself talking loudly too himself. It's kind of half grunt half yell but is pretty funny. Rilka went down for a nap and woke up totally in a great mood when before she was inconsolable. Amazing those naps.

### [[RT]]
Why am I so drawn to 17 bathurst? It would probably be more exciting to live in a different part of town...and closer to friends. But something about a semi-hotel experience and in a new part of town is appealing. Need to buy a commuter bike.

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [x] Stretch
- [x] Read 10
- [x] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
