### [[DW]]
Even though tired I did a pretty good job of my first two work blocks today. And then I caught myself for not doing my “daily” tasks and am doing them now. Ideally still finishing by 4pm for a 1.5hr plus walk.

### [[CI]]
This is a recurring theme so requires serious thought and work. Sleep. Going to bed too late. Napping but not enough or very effectively.

### [[GMD]]
We went on a trip to the Col de Vence, and the Bronco Ranch there (where I had organised a short ride for Donna as a belated fulfilment of a birthday gift and also to recognise the thesis draft completion). It was both a nice time and a reminder of how easy it is to fall into comfortable but not “maximal” grooves. The day itself was nice but probably a bit too much driving and not enough exploring, but I appreciated that Donna was enthusiastic about it. Putting up with the driving and even getting into it, even with rain coming down on us. On the way back she pointed out that we will have been in Nice for 6 months which made me think about the fact that we just “did” a lot more stuff in Paris - and made me want to try and “do” a bit more stuff in Nice going forward.

### [[IMD]]
I know that Donna wants to have sex more during the day. But right now I feel really tired and not terribly erotic. The funny thing is that if I were to take a nap I might masturbate to help fall asleep. It seems that these things might be helped by actually improving my sleep schedule. Will dig into that this week.

### [[NK]]
I looked over when I was in the kitchen today and Rilka was holding onto the couch, turning to face Amos who was sitting up holding the black spoon that I had been using for my protein powder. She was holding onto an unopened bottle of bubbles and they were kind of banging them together. As soon as they noticed I was looking they stopped and looked at me. Which was too bad. I wanted them to continue. Amos is also getting really good at spinning on his stomach. And Rilka seems to have conquered her grass fear, crawling all over the place at the park this morning.

### [[RT]]
I am very curious about the state of my heart. Is it getting damaged by the cycling I am doing. I am pushing pretty hard. Even if not putting in that many hours. Although I am not ramping my heart rate up into the 180s...Mostly low 170s on the extreme tail of an effort. Interesting how much variance there seems to be in cyclists themselves. Like Alex Dowsett seems to be a bit lower than me, even though he is much younger.
