### [[DW]]
I did a decent job on writing yesterday. Made a good decision to use the whole writing period just on the book.

### [[CI]]
My afternoon time was a mess. I watched basketball while trying to “work” and did a call with Jeff and did nothing on the OAC app largely because it seemed like too much work. Need to really tighten these afternoons back up. It is interesting that deadlines can actually fuck things up. When you take too long to get to them at least. Deadlines and phone calls. Organise phone calls during nap time if they have to happen.

Also at night I think that I need to have a better strategy when I am having trouble falling asleep. Part of me is excited to stay up...

### [[GMD]]
Another good dinner last night with a second fun attempt at a roti. It was also useful to discuss the job possibility with Donna. I think that I need to get better at being explicit about what type of feedback I want, but overall it felt like an area where we can potentially be very useful to each other and we are just on the beginning stages of that possibility. I was also slightly surprised, in a good way, that Donna seemed enthusiastic about attempting the experiment with a “smart schedule”. My expectation was agreement but not enthusiasm. 

### [[IMD]]
As mentioned above, I think that I should do better in general in terms of setting out expectations, since I am pretty bad about dealing with those unstated expectations being frustrated.

### [[NK]]
Rilka’s laughs are so odd. She has a kind of scream/squeak laugh, which feels a bit more genuine, but overall her laughs sound more like voice experiments than actual laughter. She is basically fake laughing. 

I am also realising that there should be way more documentation of Amos laughing. It is so good. 

### [[RT]]
What is up with not hearing back from Crystal? Is she mad that I asked for the rate? Did she find someone else? I can’t be the only editor that was considered. I’m not very invested in the position but just curious.


