### [[DW]]
Good that I am getting right back on the journal entries. Easy to let things slide with large change. 

### [[CI]]
Have a gameplan for the gameplan. When am I going to set my new schedule in place? In effect it is a few schedules:
1. Daily
1. Add in Hause/Donna data project and DSSG stuff here
2. Until end of quarantine
1. Kids gifts
2. Getting organised for thesis
3. Getting organised for “life”
3. During workshop
4. Nova Scotia
5. Post Nova Scotia (Prescott? Other?)

### [[GMD]]
I was impressed with how well we were able to handle the travel yesterday. It felt like we were, largely, on the same page and working together and enjoying the process to the degree we could. I think the fact that so many people claim that traveling with kids is an absolute nightmare is evidence that we are doing something right. I also was grateful when I was tired of dealing with a non-tired Rilka that she was very willing to start pulling Rilka-shifts.   

### [[IMD]]
Tone. Need to get better about my tone with Donna. Too often I catch myself using a dismissive, annoyed, or surly tone. That needs to change/stop. 

### [[NK]]
I liked that both Rilka and Amos are pretty comfortable (seemingly) with other people. On the flight another father was making faces at Rilka and she was smiling and laughing and waving at him. It was also just incredible how late they stayed up with VERY little sleep. Maybe an hour or so the whole day and they were up until after 1am France time. And for most of it in a pretty good (if on the edge) mood. 

### [[RT]]
How many hours do these guys actually sleep when they go down for the night? 