### [[DW]]
Had a pretty good sleep. Exited the bed when Donna’s snoring disturbed me.

### [[CI]]
Need to better with Things. “Things” are getting left on there undone for too long, just as ongoing reminders. I need to be better about picking a date and then doing it on that date, or moving things when they don’t get done at the end of each day. Make it part of my nighttime routine.

• Admin
• French word
• Things

### [[GMD]]
I appreciated that when we got the bad news about the apartment - which we really should have tentatively locked in at least so that it couldn’t be booked out from under us - that Donna went into problem solving mode. Is there somewhere else we would want to spend the month? What if we leave a bit earlier? I like thinking in a way that considers alternatives that were not necessarily part of the original scope. It sounds cliche but it is also true that there is opportunity in being forced to change plans.  

### [[IMD]]
I think that I could do a better job of taking our “together” activities seriously. I kind of forgot the time when we had the art/design online discussion and also for the fasting I kind of lost track of the time and ate after we had eaten together which means that now our fasting times are no longer aligned.

### [[NK]]
I’m getting annoyed with Amos being so passive about crawling. Perhaps it is related to the testosterone thing but I don’t really think so. It was also kind of funny yesterday when the doctor first mentioned how rare a micropenis was and then we showed him and she tentatively agreed that it did look like it was. It felt like a Pyrrhic victory of sorts. Told you it was micro!

### [[RT]]
How can Donna eat so much? We have almost the same amount for dinner and it seems like she may eat close to as much or even more (with her snacks) during the day. It does seem like her arms are gaining a bit of weight after she seemed to be slimming down when she was on the track team, but overall she is in pretty good shape for the amount she consumes.

