### [[DW]]
Had a fairly productive day yesterday. Moving toward the schedule.

### [[CI]]
Moving toward is not "there". And I think that it may be the case that I do better when I make clean "starts" or changes. This is more of a gradual one which is less satisfying and we shall see about less effective. It does seem like good skill to develop in cases where I can't move immediately to an optimal schedule and have to deal with transition time.

### [[GMD]]
I am find it inspiring to see how hard Donna is working these days. I think part of it is that when I look at us as a couple I see many possible futures and some of the best versions seem to be at least partly contingent on our ability to work a bit hard. So when I see her doing that it encourages me as well to do that and then I feel like it is setting better outcomes for us and our family in motion. 

### [[IMD]]
I was a bit of a grump about just acquiescing to Donna's ask that I keep the volume down on the news when I wake up. Not sure why I feel like she needs to get up at the same time as me.

### [[NK]]
At one point yesterday evening both Amos and Rilka were playing with the giant lego blocks in the kitchen having moved the box all the way from the living room. They were also handing each other the blocks which was a bit touching. I really hope that they are able to be friends.

### [[RT]]
What do my finances look like if we are paying for both France and Montreal?? Do we just need to move to Montreal and pay one rent?? I guess that is an option...

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
