### [[DW]]
I think that I do a decent job with the kids’ rhythms. And also knowing when to just let them fuss for a while to get used to something. They used to cry in the stroller after a certain point and now they almost never do. And now I just set them up with a bunch of toys while they still have some energy and then will transition to playing with them later on when they are more fatigued.

### [[CI]]
Keep better track of time. We are halfway through May already. 

And so many dangling things to do that I just keep pushing. Just do some of those. Get them off the plate. Send back the trainer tomorrow.

### [[GMD]]
I was impressed with how Donna was able to totally handle the kids trip to the hospital this morning. I can overlook at times the uniqueness in our situation where we can live in a foreign (and are up for doing that) and can also both navigate that country independently...with two small kids. 

### [[IMD]]
I find myself bristling slightly when Donna asks when the kids are going to be put to bed (when I am on duty), for example, and I tell her a time and she expresses concern and wonders if they might go a bit earlier (in this example). I think that I may do the same, or similar, so it is mainly on me to just get over it, but I also think that there is a certain leniency we should allow each other when dealing with the kids. As long as big picture things are respected.

Also I asked Donna what had happened with Rilka when she was in our room with her and Rilka started loudly crying. I think it can come across a bit as “what did you do”...and I can imagine not liking the question if I was on the other end.

### [[NK]]
Putting the testosterone on Amos’s penis was kind of fun. And then today I couldn’t help but think/wonder if it was bigger already? Kind of amazing that this can even work?!

### [[RT]]
Did I already mention this one? I am curious how Amos and Rilka do in school, both objectively and comparatively. Whether they are “good” students. Whether they are “smart”. Whether they are “clever”. Whether they are mischievous.

