### [[DW]]
Overall a productive day. Nice to be back on the schedule.

### [[CI]]
Make sure to sit in a different seat to do "fun" things.

### [[GMD]]
A couple of moments stand out when thinking about Donna today - one was just seeing her at the table, sitting and typing on her computer, getting so close to being finished her thesis and PhD and about to move on to a new stage. The normalness of the moment hides what it portends. I also liked that she came up with the idea of buying Mom's house. Not that I was particularly interested in doing that, but because it showed the kind of lateral thinking that I really appreciate and feel like opens doors you don't even know exist otherwise.

### [[IMD]]
Improvable moment with Donna was when we were discussing the house. I should have tried to be less emotional about it, and more encouraging of the intention.

### [[NK]]
Rilka is really into lifting her arms up now when she wants to get lifted. Which is quite a bit. Today she started going down the stairs out by the back deck and then realized it was a bit of a trek so stopped and turned to look at me with her hands in the air. They were both in good moods today, laughing a lot. Mom took them around the playroom with Rilka pushing Amos in a cart. They both loved that.

### [[RT]]
Am I being impatient on buying in France? What about just getting land and building slowly? Or is it more sensible to buy in Toronto. I have to admit I am a bit spooked by all the empty apartments and the huge number (seemingly) of new developments?!

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [x] Stretch
- [x] Read 10
- [x] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
