### [[DW]]
Did a decent morning with the kids. Did the singing for the first time in a while.

### [[CI]]
Need to dial in the morning routine. Singing happened but I missed stretching and perhaps a bit of input on the daily diary.

Also need to come up with a shaving schedule and a bath schedule for the kids. And figure out Fridays on my own schedule.

Plus the weekend schedule.

### [[GMD]]
I felt like we had a decent reconciliation last night after a disconnect. While I want to work on reducing the occurrence of the disconnects I feel better about them when they happen as they don't feel as high stakes/fraught.

### [[IMD]]
I just had a tone moment with Donna where I was frustrated that her plans were making my plans worse - even though there isn't a good reason my plans should take priority. Need to step back when I am annoyed in these cases and figure out how to get rid of the frustration without passing it her way in my tone.

### [[NK]]
It is so sad in the mornings when we arrive at daycare and Rilka is being carried away looking back with a sad accusatory look as she cries. I am looking forward to that ending. Amos's legs finally seem to be getting a bit stronger. Need to keep working with him on that...

### [[RT]]
I wonder how Rilka and Amos might be different in the counterfactual world where they didn't attend daycare at this age?

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [x] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
