### [[DW]]
Sent in the application to the Center for Brains Minds and Machines.

### [[CI]]
Waited until the last minute to do it. Meant I had to send a last minute reminder to Cendri for the letter of recommendation. Part of that I excused, and perhaps validly, due to everything getting cancelled and not wanting to put in the work and then have it be cancelled. Though in some respects getting accepted and being able to delay a year would be the best outcome.

### [[GMD]]
I like that we both enjoy the kids so much. I am actually sitting at the table writing this and we both just looked over to see Rilka sitting up holding a Pellegrino bottle and blowing raspberries. Good job by her. But in terms of us, I think that it is reassuring in some sense to know that we have this shared project - a physical output of our relationship. In a sense Rilka and Amos were created by our brains, as it was there that decisions were made that led us over the course of 20+ years to attempt their creation. I also like the fact that the way they were “created” felt like an alliance where we creatively collaborated (i.e. lied to the clinic) in order to achieve what we felt would be a better outcome than the standard model. And we were, so far it seems, correct. 

### [[IMD]]
I think that I should be getting up a bit earlier in the morning in order to help her get jumpstarted earlier too. Even just 5 minutes.

### [[NK]]
Rilka is currently playing with a bottle and looking at Amos and blowing raspberries and Amos is kind of laughing. It is possible now to start to envision a future where they are interacting. And, hopefully, enjoying it. Amos is getting pretty good at spinning on his stomach but still is far from crawling.  

### [[RT]]
How will the twins development compare to the counterfactual situation in which only one of them existed? Will they slow each other down? Speed each other up? Will they be competitive with each other? In some sense I worry that Amos may not be competitive enough. Perhaps his testosterone boost will help... 


