### [[DW]]
Got up even though I didn't get much sleep.

### [[CI]]
When I have things messing up my standard schedule I really allow myself to get thrown off. Need a backup plan for those days. Because then it throws of subsequent days (or later in the same day).

### [[GMD]]
I appreciate that Donna enjoys/tolerates my behavior when I am a bit tired and drunk and feel like goofing around. I am used to it now but it is not the only possible response to these "moments"...

### [[IMD]]
I think in general I should be more helpful in terms of seeking out bootcamp options for Donna.

### [[NK]]
It was funny yesterday when I was picking up the kids one of their minders was leaving and sought me out to tell me about how much bread Amos was able to eat - she had fairly rudimentary English, but the fact that she was quite impressed came across loud and clear.

### [[RT]]
What is Jules thinking right now. It is interesting when you send an email where you can imagine an emotional reaction on the other end. This is the minority of emails but in Jules' case I feel like I was delivering bad news and that he would be bummed out reading the news that he would have to share his living space with 40 year old parents if he wanted to move forward. Sorry Jules.

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
