### [[DW]]
Did a decent job during my future thinking/planning time - watched the video with Paul Cisek and Blake Richards. Was a pretty good use of time. I liked how Konrad had them try and be specific. And even then they were not all that successful. 

Also worked hard and efficiently during my learning time.

### [[CI]]
Once I break the normal bedtime I kind of throw in the towel. Should still try to get as close to it as possible.

### [[GMD]]
It wasn’t great but at least we made an attempt to solve, shortly after, a minor disagreement in which I was feeling upset that Donna was going to miss dinner to go for a run. In the end, as with many of these things, the “thing” itself wasn’t that big a deal but the way we interpreted and dealt with it created unnecessary tension. Which was mostly dissipated by the conversation that took place after the fact.

Also I enjoyed going over the birth time period as we recorded a podcast about that event.

### [[IMD]]
Think about your own behaviour in the past before reacting to Donna’s. Think about your motivations.

### [[NK]]
I like when Amos gets kind of stuck under the ledge of the couch on his back and just kind of kicks and plays with the couch fabric. He seems pretty content. In general I just like how they are largely self sufficient with a few toys around. 

### [[RT]]
What is the story with the guy who owns this apartment, Mathieu? Is he well off? What is his “actual” apartment like? And would we be dicks to low ball him on the rent for next month?

