### [[DW]]
Did a good job of prepping for call with Andrew and Konrad and also think that I did a good job on the call of piping up but also letting them both drive the conversation.

### [[CI]]
I don’t know how but I missed doing my journaling yesterday. 

### [[GMD]]
I felt like we had a pretty good call with Roger yesterday. Makes me appreciate, in general, the amount of progress we have made in our communication style, and relationship, and the work which we still have left to do (and are doing). 

### [[IMD]]
Our sex has become sort of an afterthought that we fit in. Need to do some thinking/research about how to change that.

### [[NK]]
Yesterday Rilka walked around the apartment pushing a chair. She is also enjoying climbing stairs. I honestly think that she could walk in a few days on her own if she was able to train in a focussed way. Hard to communicate that to babies.

### [[RT]]
Curious what the life of Andrew is like - he is obviously doing pretty well in terms of his career, but was interesting to see how he presented himself and how he came across. He was proud of how much he was working (from 7am to 11pm every day, according to him - though in our case he was in a rush to get off the call at the very end (beer o’clock), even though he had been doing copious amounts of small talk and tangential additions during the call. Made me think about the inefficiency of academics...it took months to get the call on the books and then he wasn’t really prepared and we spent 90 minutes on a 30 minute meeting. Needs to be a better way of dealing with editing papers as well. Agile?

