### [[DW]]
Put in a full day on DSSG. Made decent progress. I have learned a lot.

### [[CI]]
Wonder if in the end it was a mistake to go with Tableau. It also means if I had to do something like this again now I might be more likely to reach for Tableau just because it is the known. I guess the way to do it is to use Python/R for projects with the Data Viz gang and then I can choose my tool according to the project going forward.

### [[GMD]]
I appreciate that Donna take the time to show me some of the better videos she captures of the kids. She also has a talent for capturing them in neat moments.

### [[IMD]]
I need to come up with a solid plan for Donna's Christmas gifts. Because currently I don't have one.

### [[NK]]
Rilka is getting really good at signing "more". Apparently as soon as Donna picked her up from daycare yesterday she started doing the sign. I guess she probably just thinks of it as "food". Makes me wonder if there are other lost opportunities for having them develop language. Part of it is perhaps that we are so quick/good at interpreting their needs. They don't have to make the effort of language. Amos still doesn't seem to totally have yes/no dialed in but I believe that with some solid training he would get it pretty quickly. Reinforcement.

### [[RT]]
How far from their potential are the kids now, at this point? With different parents more focused on their development would Amos be walking? Would Rilka know her colors?

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
