### [[DW]]
I think that I am doing a better job of spending time engaged with kids and then when they are happily playing the reward I get is to do some of my own work while on duty.

Also it was good when I called Donna after she woke up grumpy and feeling a bit down and I was annoyed because she was complaining about not having enough time after spending 12 hours in bed.

### [[CI]]
Still haven’t outlined art and programming time. That is a priority. I also still need to think about the summer more clearly and the actual dates for Konrad’s workshop.

### [[GMD]]
I think that this is good in that it indicates progress rather than being objectively good but we had a situation yesterday when the combination of our personalities really didn’t fit well. Donna slept in late and then got up after lying in bed and stressing herself out thinking about how much she had to do and how there wasn’t enough time. When she got up she was expressing negative affect and that rubbed me the wrong way. Instead of trying to empathise with her feelings I wanted her to acknowledge that her position was her own doing. Which is obviously ungenerous and unproductive. I left and it felt like there was a bit of a sour note in the air but as the day went on we managed to reconnect a bit, with a phone call while I was out and then talking over dinner. So, by the end of the day it didn’t feel like there was a reservoir of residual bad feelings hanging around which tended to be the case before.  

### [[IMD]]
I need to figure out how to deal with my annoyance with Donna when it appears to me that she is simply not taking personal responsibility for her situation. Like when she sleeps 12 hours and then is upset that she doesn’t have time for a run and her schoolwork. And then she kind of spirals down. And I don’t help with that spiral by pointing out that there is no sense to it.

### [[NK]]
Rilka is playing with boxes and balls in a new way that I just noticed today. I gave her a box with the foot massage ball in it and then she kind of rolled it around in the box and has now been experimenting with putting it and a smaller box in the bigger box and then putting the ball int the smaller box, etc. Amos seems grumpier than usual. He is also starting to be able to pull his legs under him as a prelude to crawling but has no sense of movement. Even when Rilka was in her early days it seems like her actions were very movement focussed, even it things only went backwards.

### [[RT]]
What happens if Amos takes testosterone? Does his personality or development change? And how big is his penis going to be with/without intervention. It seems like he is definitely in micropenis territory at the moment.

