### [[DW]]
Did a better job not being grumpy today with Donna. Partly probably just that she is also in a better mood so is providing some buffer.

Made a good choice to do all childcare for these days. It is just one more day after this. 

### [[CI]]
Make it strict. Put them down for a nap. Go down for a nap, 10 minute timer.

### [[GMD]]
I am currently appreciating that Donna is ignoring Rilka. I know that she finds it harder to do that than I do, but I just really think that Rilka has developed a bad habit over the past couple of days of neither self-soothing nor self-entertaining but opting for the more fun version of parent-soothing/parent-entertainment. In general I feel grateful that Donna is, within reason, willing to consider some slightly more “rigorous” approaches to parenting than I think many new parents are.

### [[IMD]]
The half birthday, while a nice gesture, was a bit haphazard and last minute, especially in comparison to mine. Need to look ahead to these sorts of things more effectively. 

### [[NK]]
It is interesting how Rilka has gone through a really whiny phase the last days - and it leaves me trying to figure out causes. Of course fatigue is an obvious one. But how does the change of scenery effect them? Seems like probably not a lot based on our moves within Nice. Also how does the difference in behaviour (from us) for a day affect them? Amos seems pretty static this day. Not really trying to move around much. 

### [[RT]]
Is it cognitively limiting/stunting for the kids to be in the quarantine with us? No parks, no walks outside.

And what a waste on the quarantine follow up. What is the point? If you are a bad actor you will answer those questions exactly the same way as you would if you were a model citizen.
