### [[DW]]
Got my virtual environment set up. Have been, overall, doing a good job taking notes.

### [[CI]]
Efficiency of time use with the group project. 

### [[GMD]]
This isn't a good moment on its face, but yesterday when putting the kids down I was a bit frustrated that Donna was waiting to put Amos down and made a comment in an annoyed tone for her to "hurry up please". Part of me noticed it in the moment but it would have been easy for it to slide by and then that noticing would have faded. But Donna brought it up, and asked directly that I "not speak to her like that". And she was right. And because she brought it up in the moment it was fresh in my memory and I could see how unnecessary and hurtful the tone was. If I can improve this, with Donna's patient help, that will be a huge step toward better communication not just with her but with everyone I interact with.

### [[IMD]]
See above.

### [[NK]]
Rilka crawling from the floor to the chair (over the side) and then onto the table in the sunroom at Donna's parents place. Then crawling around the table. Then thinking that her technique for getting down from a bed will work over the side of the table. Amos actually covering some distance with his herky jerky crawl. Rilka immediately calming down in Mike's lap when I started feeding her crisps. Amos finally doing a couple of poops after having the prunes the last couple of days.

### [[RT]]
What is the effect on me, these weeks of little sleep? Physically and mentally?

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [x] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
