### [[DW]]
Had a pretty good ride on Zwift today. Getting stronger. Doing a good job of limited training but high intensity. I did 347 for just over 20 minutes and it wasn’t a totally steady effort, and it wasn’t terribly hard, so that felt pretty solid.

### [[CI]]
Being slack re: bedtime. Have had a similar comment numerous times so perhaps need to bring back some sort of consequence.

### [[GMD]]
This was a small one but today I got Donna’s schedule wrong at one point and woke her up from her nap 10 minutes early. I can imagine myself taking this poorly but she was very sanguine about it. I think that seeing these types of mature reactions is also motivating to work toward them myself. I know that I can be a bit precious about my schedule/time on occasion. But overall my takeaway is the benefit of letting things (mostly) slide when they aer done in good faith.

### [[IMD]]
I think that we need a bit more “together” time, and to make an effort to do something kind of special. The quote is a good start but it is a small thing. Would like to have something that is a bit bigger and can be built on in an accumulative manner. Maybe start up ideas??

### [[NK]]
Amos today (with the help of Donna and I) kind of held himself up in a crawling position and did a bit of pushing back and forth on his arms and legs. Interesting just to see their different developmental paths. Is Rilka just pruning more quickly? And why does Amos have such saggy/fat skin on his stomach/chest. Looks all wrinkly when he leans forward.

### [[RT]]
What happens to Donna’s stomach? Is it going to have loose skin forever going forward? Was there anything that could have been done? Is there anything that can still be done?

