### [[DW]]
Have been doing a pretty good job QC-ing the indicators.

### [[CI]]
I had a bad moment yesterday when I lost my cool with Ana on a call. I could see it coming as well. I was telling myself, have some perspective. Take it easy. But it was a case in which I felt like I was being attacked unfairly. I need to think of this as a strength. Something that I can use later.

I thank you for your feedback. I think that part of the problem is that much of the work I have been doing is not visible to you. But this does not mean it is not being done. Just last night I planned to work on the cosmetic aspects of the dashboard but then spent almost 4 hours dealing with the fact that the indicators provided were not all present. Either located in a different location, or calculated incorrectly, or using renamed variables.

QC and trouble shooting is incredibly time consuming and tedious. But so much more important than being done, is being correct. There is not only no benefit, but actually damage possible when people are presented incorrect information that they may then make decisions on. 

As a manager I would suggest having a more structured assignment of tasks and issues in the future. Using google docs is not very efficient.

This would also allow you to have as much insight into the process/progress as you like. 

### [[GMD]]
I appreciated that I could vent to Donna after getting riled up on my phone call with Ana. I also appreciated that she didn't try and provide feedback or over-enthusiastically agree with me but mainly just listened. That was helpful.

### [[IMD]]
I think that I need to be a bit aware of Donna's needs at this time and be engaged in the pregnancy attempt.

### [[NK]]
Rilka just swats away the milk bottle in the mornings now - but sometimes later on she comes back to it. I wonder if she doesn't like the temperature? Since we no longer have the option of warming it up with hot water (due to the lead piping from the municipal water supply). Amos is mainly back in business today. He has definitely become a bit more needy during his illness but I look forward to him regaining his independence. I liked that when I dropped the kids off today neither of them cried and Rilka walked in on her own...

### [[RT]]
Random thought

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
