### [[DW]]
I am getting better about dealing with Donna's strong/emotional reactions to things. I think that I am beginning to understand how **tone** can influence her perception of **content**.

### [[CI]]
Just in general need to think about how to "improve" my drinking. I feel like I have different phases, one of which is fun and a bit more loquacious, but then another which happens very quickly, in which I want to drink more and find myself trying to figure out how to get more. This seems patently unhealthy.

### [[GMD]]
This is from a couple of days ago but was kind of noteworthy, when Donna went to bed at like 7pm, and actually did it (sometimes I/she make claims of going to bed early but then it just doen't happen). It was (kind of) a radical action, and I like that Donna is up for doing that sort of thing at times. I think it expands the landscape of the possible if doing something non-standard is in your toolbox.

### [[IMD]]
I think that I need to be better about communicating my strategies with the kids. This morning Rilka was in a fussy mood and she grabbed my leg while I was typing and was crying and I wanted to leave her there, let her kind of get over it, but letting her hold onto my leg. Donna wanted me to give her a hug and I wanted to continue with my strategy which seemed to be working. I didn't really explain it though and so Donna got upset and picked Rilka up so that she could give her a hug herself.

### [[NK]]
Just so funny to see how affected by fatigue they can be, especially at 8:30 in the morning when they have not even been up for 2 hours after having slept for 12. Bonkers.

### [[RT]]
Am I actually going to get my act together and develop a good schedule that I stick to to feel like I am maximizing the work I am doing for thesis?

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
