### [[DW]]
Was tempted to stay up and watch more bike racing (watching the very good behind the scenes Flanders docs) when I had to stay up for my stomach but resisted and went to bed and fell asleep at a reasonable hour.

Did data “journalism” during the specified time.

### [[CI]]
Still need to protect time better. Chatted with Hause during data journalism chunk of the day. Perhaps could look into setting certain “sleep” sessions on slack to arrive when I am in a non-working time period.

### [[GMD]]
It was fun watching videos about 9 month olds before bed last night. Reminds me of the time when we would eagerly watch the new videos each week while pregnant, and then after that once they arrived. I also think that it is nice in terms of helping notice what is new/changing and appreciated it a little bit more fully. Things happen so gradually and, in general, continuous, a way that it is easy not to really notice the changes.

### [[IMD]]
I got annoyed with Donna when she didn’t come to dinner (that I had made) right away. I could see she was doing school work so it meant she also didn’t have the quote ready. I think that I need to set the example for this and I have not in the past, so time to change that.

### [[NK]]
Amos and Rilka were definitely looking at each other before they went down for their morning nap. Amos was in his blue tent/sleeping thing with his head pressed against the screen, kind of complaining and Rilka was getting her sleep sack put on and looking over at him and doing some vocalising too. Made me think that it is probably not long before they really start chatting with each other and, fingers crossed, entertaining each other.

### [[RT]]
Did any of the “accidents’” (thinking of the stroller tipping over) cause any deleterious effects on the kids in terms of mental capacity?

