### [[DW]]
Took care of storage items yesterday and went through my things last night pretty ruthlessly. 

### [[CI]]
I just don't get as much done during the weekends as I think that I will. I am not completely unproductive - just not very well organized.

### [[GMD]]
I liked the moments at the storage facility last night when Donna first arrived and I turned the stroller so that the kids could see her coming down the long hallway. I also liked when we both were able to share our appreciation of Rilka's pushing of the completely loaded moving cart down the hallway all on her own.

### [[IMD]]
I think that I need to be clear when I expect Donna's help - so that when she decides to do something she has to take it as her own choice.

### [[NK]]
Apart from Rilka pushing the moving cart down the hallway on her own I like how Amos is getting really into shaking his arms in front of himself like a monster and kind of yelling/growling. When you do it back to him he cracks up. The other day he had a crack up session for the ages. Basically involved me doing the monster arms to him and kind of scaring him a bit repeatedly.

### [[RT]]
Curious about learning all the bylaws re: building/reno in MTL. Also curious about the downstairs neighbor and how they might feel about us actually building a mezzanine/second level?

---
- [x] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
