### [[DW]]
Got my new journal set up to replace what was becoming a pretty bloated Jupyter notebook. And also learned how to do Cron jobs and wrote a shell script to auto push to a git repo. Overall a sold success. (Just have to check today that everything is working)

### [[CI]]
Again, went to bed late. Started watching a bike race. Was a bit annoyed that Donna was breaking our routine of reading from [The Gardener and the Carpenter](https://www.amazon.com/Gardener-Carpenter-Development-Relationship-Children/dp/1250132258/ref=tmm_pap_swatch_0?_encoding=UTF8&qid=&sr=)

### [[GMD]]
Had a nice dinner on the patio where Donna made a stuffed red pepper dish and then we watched some big mouth after discussing a Tyler Cowen quote and then got a call from Matthew. Just a nice way to end the day.

### [[IMD]]
I got annoyed about the bed thing but didn’t express it. I think that it came from a place that is perhaps flattering to her. I want to read with her each night before bed. Part of it is perhaps selfish - I want to maintain my routines as they benefit me. But I find it frustrating when she has this kind of up and down existence of staying up late and then going to bed early...

### [[NK]]
Two things that were kind of neat were that I did an “up and down” with Amos in the Jolly Jumper and didn’t notice I was under the dining room light (a big glass globe) and banged his head into it pretty hard. He didn’t even utter a peep. Then when changing Rilka she slipped and banged her head on the floor...not hard but not nothing...and she didn’t cry at all either which I was impressed with. I like if they don’t cry when they are not really hurt and if they can feel safe when they are in my hands.

### [[RT]]
What would happen if we did my suggestions of NOTHING for most people (but you can reduce risk if you like) and then were very aggressive about protecting the 70+ with food deliveries and requirements to stay inside with no family visits?


