### [[DW]]
I think that I did a good job of showing the apartment. I can be reasonably charming when motivated.

### [[CI]]
I need to be more aware of the stressors in my life and understand how they are affecting me. I think that the relief I felt with renting the room was a sign that it was taking up more mental real estate than I had imagined. I think that this is what made France so pleasant on one level. I also think that classical music while working on non-cognitive complex tasks could be good.

Need to find some new good music in any case...

### [[GMD]]
I enjoyed the moment when we (hopefully - still waiting on deposit and contract) rented the apartment and it felt like a joint sigh of relief...there was something nice in the shared emotion and also just having a bit less uncertainty/flux in the near-term picture.

### [[IMD]]
I should make an actual good dinner once/week for Donna. Make it more about connecting than drinking on weekends.

### [[NK]]
Amos kind of let go and balanced himself a bit while standing on the weekend. But when I hold him up a bit to help him walk his walking style is total nonsense. He likes picking his leg way way up in the air straight out in front of him (for example). Or kind of trying to clap his feet against the floor. In the meantime his speed crawling is really impressive. Need to time him. Rilka totally understands when you tell her to get a book. Weird to be able to talk to someone who can't talk back. She also understands being told to go for a bath.

### [[RT]]
What's up with Dave Ng? Do they just not want to come for dinner? Wish people could just be more transparent? Or perhaps it is up to me to make them feel comfortable taking that approach?

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
