### [[DW]]
Did a decent job on going through tasks last night. That is the way I should try and continue.

Also, I am actually noticing at times when I am typing my own stuff that my typing has gotten faster.

### [[CI]]
The bed time story, again, is problematic. Don’t beat yourself up over it - I did, in the end, get decent sleep. Just stayed up later than necessary watching the Jordan doc.

### [[GMD]]
Donna made an effort to connect with me when we were going to bed and I really appreciated it. I think I appreciated the act more than the content, in the sense that it (the act) represented some of the progress we have begun making in our relationship. It felt generous and mature, and the content itself was kind too. It made me feel hopeful and motivated to continue improvement on my end as well.

### [[IMD]]
I think that I need to figure out how to deal with these “hanging” issues - like the somewhat still unresolved conversation from Sunday. I told her I would write to her about it in her Thursday note but that leaves things unresolved for a while. I don’t think the waiting to address is necessarily a bad idea, but there needs to, perhaps, be something ore said, acknowledged in the meantime.

### [[NK]]
I really like how independent Rilka can be at times. After breakfast she went over to the shoe area and just started playing with the shoes. Now she has made her way over to the coffee table and picked up the sippy cup with water in it and is having a few chugs. Amos is acting a bit more mobile today than typical, but also making a lot more grunts/semi-complainy noises than usual as well. I can’t wait for him to actually be able to move around.

### [[RT]]
What is it that we like about people like Jordan? Is it that he represents winning/excellence? Somehow got the gene that we all wish we had a bit more of? And used it correctly? It seems like the doc is making him very sympathetic. I think that you could have made it so that he was less sympathetic, clearly. Was it really worth it? How important to you then, and now, is that championships ring? Do you/did you really enjoy it? I know Jordan did, but what about all the people he harangued? Scott Burrell seemed almost like an abused domestic partner. Making excuses for the abuser.  And are people rationalising their behaviour? I didn’t do anything so I guess that it was good in the end? Sure his goal was aligned with theirs, in a sense, but wasn’t that the case for other teams that had less internal rancour? And to what degree are the 6 championships explained by Jordan? How much of that variance is just noise/luck? If you replayed those 6 runs 100 times what is the mean number of finals wins?
