### [[DW]]
I think that I am doing a good job with the learning sessions currently, and keeping tasks organized in airtable.

### [[CI]]
I think that my scheduling of future tasks could use some work. Need to hurry up and get some sample questions in for my TA job.

### [[GMD]]
It was nice to have Donna be a bit more assertive yesterday afternoon about "practicing". I can get fairly caught up in my work schedule during the day and it is hard to break into a different frame of mind so I appreciate when I have help doing that on occasion

### [[IMD]]
I think that I could have done a better job last night when it felt like Donna was making a bid to connect with us both watching the retrofit zoom call. I just kind of bailed after a minute but could have at least let her know I was bailing.

### [[NK]]
It is funny how easy it is to know when Amos is pooping vs Rilka. He sits still and grunts with a look of concentration on his face. Rilka gives no outward sign that I have been able to pick up. I also like how Rilka loves to come and jump on me while I am doing my morning core routine. Also noticed that Amos' feet seem really small. Wondering if the curling/smallness has had an effect on his walking??

### [[RT]]
18 months for Amos walking? Also they seem pretty behind in terms of talking...not concerned at this point but I do feel mildly competitive when I see other parents at the park with their one year old saying words and walking.

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [x] Stretch
- [x] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
