### [[DW]]
I have been working away on my algebra course. I like that I can DO it. Don’t get stuck. Though I can tell at times that I am missing the deeper pieces, I like what I heard before about learn how to DO IT first, then you will be primed to understand the deeper structure. First need to get an intuition for it. I think this is true for me. Though perhaps slightly more conceptual foundations in combination with these exercises could be nice. 

### [[CI]]
I think that I need to use my walks better. Now that I have figured out how to have longer walks again, just listening to sports podcasts is not a best use of time. Need to figure out what books I want to listen to on Blinkist. Make a list.

### [[GMD]]
I felt last night like Donna appreciated the schedule I made for her, which was nice to hear. I was honestly fine if it wasn’t a good fit, but I still feel gratified that it might be of some utility. Also I appreciate that it feels like she is making an effort to give it a real try. Again, like with our improving communication (and not unrelated), it feels like we are gradually moving toward a place of richer connection. A bit of a relationship flywheel perhaps. 

### [[IMD]]
That said I feel myself getting annoyed with Donna when she breaks the “rules” of the schedule. I guess I want full commitment and I can be a bit dogmatic on that front.

### [[NK]]
Rilka seems to be very attracted to hanging out with Donna. Amos still has very curled toes, so much so that when he is jolly jumping he tends to, fairly often (though a bit less now), be using the tops of his fore-feet to push off with because his toes are curled so tightly. He also tends to try to bounce when you hold him up with his feet on the ground. As if that is how walking in the real world works. Makes me understand why some paediatricians don’t recommend  jolly jumpers.

### [[RT]]
Where does Hause end up? A prof? I feel like he could fairly easily get a position like Zoe did. But probably wouldn’t love it that much. Feels like he may have found a good post doc situation at least.
