### [[DW]]
Wrote a decent letter to Amos and Rilka and finished the whole thing ahead of time.

### [[CI]]
I think that the tweet I read recommending finding your best sleep routine over the course of a year was a good one. I sometimes find that I am alert and enjoy working late at night. But I also do enjoy early waking. So perhaps a nap schedule is the best route for me.

### [[GMD]]
I appreciate that Donna is so generous with her time with my family. I call them a lot and she seems to not only be up for it but to enjoy it. On a related note, today during our call with mom for the 10 month birthday of Amos and Rilka when my mom asked her what she was up to now that her thesis was handed in she mentioned that she was going to put some more time into future planning which made me feel good - both because it is something that I generally push for, but also because the reason that I push for it is that I genuinely find it interesting and exciting and valuable.

### [[IMD]]
I need to do better about eye contact with Donna in general. I am not sure why I prefer not to look at her directly sometimes but she has done a good job in expressing how good it makes her feel to have that contact and to acknowledge her presence when we reunite after being apart.

### [[NK]]
I am a fan of how Rilka is maintaining and even expanding her proclivity to carry soft (or other) objects around in her hand. The sock and Amos heart are her go-tos but she also was today holding the prickly foot ball in her other hand along with the Amos heart as she cruised along the couch.

### [[RT]]
What does Cendri really think of my thesis plan? Am I giving up to early/easily? I feel that people with a lot more experience are thinking along the same lines. But are they just not creative enough with their approaches?  If I had done my first fMRI project with a different prof using different experimental paradigms and analysis methods would I be in a different position? And how much should I listen to Cendri vs. Going my own way??