### [[DW]]
Did a good job in making a new toy for Rilka (and Amos but she is playing with it first) out of an old hand soap bottle. Took a few minutes to clean it out but I really like using things that are around and just seeing them through the kids’ eyes as toys.

### [[CI]]
When Donna doesn’t come to bed when I am in my shut down I just extend the shutdown and start it for real once she gets to bed. I should stop doing that. But part of me is afraid to get woken back up and annoyed. Though I don’t think that is the really cause - I just like staying up and fiddling around.

### [[GMD]]
I enjoy coming home from my walks and handing the kids off to Donna and then having a bit of free time to futz around and make dinner while she plays with the kids. I’m not sure of the reason or if perhaps it is just in my head (because I know that it is the last I will see of them for the day), but it just seems like a really nice time of day, and I noticed that again last night. 

### [[IMD]]
This morning my tone with Donna has been a bit off. I get easily annoyed. Like when I asked about whether she would tend to pay 6 dollars in shipping vs spending 5 dollars more, and getting an 11 dollar item and paying no shipping. And she acted like it was a no brainer to go for shipping. Which I get the concept behind but it is not a no-brainer. And then she specified that it would be a more difficult decision if you were getting $11 in value from the item, which I felt (annoyed) that of course you would because you were choosing it based on your own internal utility function.

### [[NK]]
I like that Rilka now enjoys going out on the balcony - even with the cold tiles. It is kind of funny watching her first moving from inside to outside as when her bare knee/foot hits the cold tiles there is a reflex to lift it back off, so she hovers for a moment before continuing. Amos also enjoys sitting up on the table - today while sucking on the cool railing - and watching the street life below.  Amos also seems much more foot focussed than Rilka. He will stare at his feet a fair bit, as well as using them in a hand-like manner trying to get toys closer to him.

### [[RT]]
How have the kids been negatively affected by our parenting to this point? Have any of the head bumps been significant? Have they ingested anything that has small deleterious effects on development (mental or physical)? Have they been getting enough food (and nutrients) and sleep? Is the feeding schedule sub-optimal? Unanswerable questions but I do wonder what that gap is between actual and optimal.

