### [[DW]]
I was late starting this morning on my math work but then worked through my break. This isn’t ideal, but better to get the time in.

### [[CI]]
Need to check things every day and clean up each evening. Start day by looking at it, end by tidying.

### [[GMD]]
Overall I think that the last few days with Donna have been good ones. Not perfect, but overall the rapport feels strong. I think that part of it may be that Donna is feeling good about the milestones she is hitting with thesis and her final paper, but whatever the cause, it shows me how our relationship can be strengthened by both of us feeling good independently. 

### [[IMD]]
Just a moment ago when I was outside feeding the kids on the patio Donna offered me my tea (that she had made for me since we are fasting). I had the news on the iPad and couldn’t hear well, and ended up saying in a loud annoyed voice “I’ll drink it later, thank you”. At least I added the thank you but the tone was poor.

### [[NK]]
Amos kind of crawled/squirmed last night toward the iPhone when talking to dad. That was neat. And then this morning I put his bottle just out of reach and after a bit of vocal complaining he ended up squirming over to it. Rilka is going down the stairs backwards with almost no instruction. And pulling the drying rack down on herself, also with no instruction. Also interesting that the guy from Darty fixing the washing machine was just “interesting” and not frightening to her. 

### [[RT]]
What is the story with the Darty guys? Did they go to technical high school? Are they paid well? Are they in a union? How big is Darty? Is it like Canadian Tire?