### [[DW]]
Started top 10 lists for 2020.

### [[CI]]
Was having trouble sleeping last night as I thought about my thesis work and how I had just kind of let it slide. I'm not sure that is fair to "me" to think of it that way but there is something about it that is not working great. I think that I need to create the structure myself that will allow it to be successful. Need to think about what this structure would look like. 

- organized to do list and long term objectives to check each week/day/month
- outside accountability (and not just accountability but someone to share things with who can be invested)

### [[GMD]]
I have enjoyed hanging out the king size bed with Donna and the kids and seeing them do something a bit funny and then both just laughing.

### [[IMD]]
I think that I need to be more of a support when Donna gets sick or is feeling poorly.

### [[NK]]
Rilka singing "row, row, row" and doing her falling onto the pillow on the bed while I count up to 5. Amos and Jules kind of becoming buddies and Amos offering Jules all of his toys. When they did the joint synchronized butt spins.

### [[RT]]
Is Jules regretting leaving our place? How have expectations lived up to reality? And who do we end up with after Jules??

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
