### [[DW]]
Did a good job on this shift with the kids getting them fed on time and also getting started early on the news so that I could get in my full singing training as well.

### [[CI]]
I think I could do a better job with outlining what I need to do during my art and programming times. Like a meta project. What is the guiding principle. Perhaps worth outlining that today. Have a list to work through.

### [[GMD]]
Last night when it came to our normal moment for watching a TV show after discussing our quote (I forget the quote already, but it was from Martin and was something along the lines of “only with all eyes can we  see all people”, or something), we decided (suggested by Donna) just to sit and talk. Which was really enjoyable. I feel that we should/need to do this more often. And while there was some disagreement in the discussion - it made its way to COVID territory - we did better than the 2019 version of ourselves would have. But moreover I just enjoyed hanging out and conversing and thinking about things after a good meal and a glass of wine.

### [[IMD]]
I need to do a good job on mother’s day and the thesis hand in celebration. Should order/figure out presents today. Probably should have been on this some time ago. It is her FIRST mothers day ever. And her only first. Would be nice for it to be memorable.

### [[NK]]
Amos does seem curious in a more patient way than Rilka. Perhaps that is because he is not crawling. He has to find a way to entertain himself. But hard to know the direction of the causal relationship. Perhaps he is less eager to move around since he is able to amuse himself in situ just touching and looking at things. He is currently touching and pulling at his shirt. Not in an annoyed way, just curious.

### [[RT]]
Do we have another kid? If so when? I agree with Donna’s comment that we should start thinking about it and planning for it now. Hard to believe that even if we got pregnant right now they would be almost 2 years younger than these guys. Makes me realise how full on being a parent must have been for mom since she went basically in two year increments for 3 kids...

