### [[DW]]
Got up when my alarm went off this morning.

### [[CI]]
TIme to use just a decision and not an outside event (the return of my bike) to deal with cutting down drinking.

### [[GMD]]
I feel like this week we have been kind of having a mini "spree" with two episodes of Schitt's creek the last nights and also lots of weeknight drinking. Also looking forward to becoming a bit stricter about things together in the future...

### [[IMD]]
I did a bit of a "conversation" with Donna about getting her PhD - but have not, in general, been having many thoughtful conversation with her as of late.

### [[NK]]
Yesterday they were on either side of the translucent door to their bedroom with Amos pulling the door back and forth hiding them from each other and then revealing. Until Rilka moved into the path of the closing door they were both laughing their heads off each time it opened and they saw each other.

### [[RT]]
Am I fooling myself? Am I really going to get "working" soon? Not a lot of evidence at the moment. Also sometimes I wonder if I simply don't understand enough about neuro and am anti it partly because of this fact? But then I read something like the model-free/model-based paper and the two step paradigm and I am a bit "that's it?" all over again...

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
