### [[DW]]
I am doing well just in sticking to the writing. And I get into it each time. But I think I need to start using the whole time and offloading my blogging to every second Friday perhaps?

### [[CI]]
I think I could provide Amos in particular with a bit more stimulation. In a sense I think it is good for him to be bored/annoyed so that he has the motivation to learn to do things for himself, but in the meantime I am worrying that he is not maximising his brain development. Also curious to think about what kinds of coordination things I might be able to start doing early.

### [[GMD]]
Today we had a bit of an argument about Trump and his policy of signing the $1200 checks (that are going out to Americans as part of the COVID relief plan) with his own name. My position was that we tend to ascribe bad motives automatically to people that we don’t like (or have a bad track record) but this can at times be hasty. It went of f on a tangent from there but what was nice is that it felt like this was the type of conversation that could get us riled up and it didn’t, or at least it didn’t feel like it pushed over the point of flooding. 

It makes me, actually, appreciate the fact that we have had a hard time having arguments with styles that really bring out the worst in each other. If I spent a lot of time with someone with which I had more civil calm discussions then I might never have worked on this side of myself. And I think it is something that will pay 

### [[IMD]]
Again, not being calm enough during conversations. Also was a bit rude in the night when I couldn’t sleep. I didn’t want to talk about it but I could have been nicer about it. Also have sympathy for her because she couldn’t sleep either.

### [[NK]]
They had a nice session this afternoon where at one point they were both just playing on their own making noises to themselves.

### [[RT]]
How should we think about landlords? I think that there is a place for transitional housing in a city/place. And that you should get a bit of money from providing that resource. But the whole year upon year rental of a flat while you pay off someone else’s mortgage seems fucked up. A basement apartment is one thing, you are giving up something and getting something in return. But to live in a different location just seems like the bad kind of rent taking. And then to be annoyed that someone isn’t covering all of your costs (as the person I contacted on Airbnb complained). As if they had a right to profit. But in their case they are perhaps the lesser of two evils as they generally do not own their rental unit. I guess now having tenants not pay rent I do feel a bit more sympathy for the landlord situation, as who would want to SELL a property to these people? But perhaps the problem is fixing the people...have money get taken directly out of a pay check perhaps.
