### [[DW]]
Have been productive this week.

### [[CI]]
Keep getting off schedule. Need to fix schedule and recommit.

### [[GMD]]
I enjoyed our morning bed time w/ kids this morning. Donna was lying on the bed with Rilka on her chest sucking her thumb. Just seemed a bit out of it. She had also got up to change her diaper before their 7am wake up. Then also made a good call about letting Rilka take a nap before daycare and she slept for 2 hours. So I guess it just felt like nice sensitive parenting.

### [[IMD]]
Got annoyed with Donna again last night for something. Felt the desire to shut her out for a while. Was good watching TV in this case as we both were pulled into the show and could separate from our feelings toward each other.

### [[NK]]
Amos was in such a good mood this morning. Flying around crawling so fast. And did a new kind of spin where he wasn't on his but but was kind of in crawling position spinning like a dog chasing its tail. Need to get more of these on video. He also had a hoarse voice and seemed to think it was funny. Experimenting with making all sorts of sounds with it.

### [[RT]]
So curious what the day is like at this daycare. What is the kids' experience and how does it compare to the last? Is this creating some sort of lasting effect and if so is it worse/better than if they had continued in Toronto?

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
