### [[DW]]
Have been getting up at 7 each day.
Also good that I organized a call with both thesis committee members. Also think that it was good to choose Yoel.

### [[CI]]
Need to keep up on Things. Make it a daily evening routine.

### [[GMD]]
I liked that Donna was so eager to know whether she was pregnant or not - I find it kind of charming as it underlines how in some ways we are so different. She is willing to burn calories to get the test that lets you know as early as possible whether you are pregnant. I think my MO would just be to wait to see if there was another period? But I get it too. I like when we think differently. 

### [[IMD]]
This is for Donna as well as my mom, but trying to figure out how to program in some "fun" time with them.

### [[NK]]
I like that Rilka has learned how to buzz her tongue in a very adult way. And all the noises she makes to herself. I also think it is interesting how Amos kind of enters "limb chaos mode" where, when excited he just starts grabbing at things and moving his legs around. It can kind of hurt because he also likes to grab at faces, but it just seems like it is coming from a deep excitement that is making him lose control.

### [[RT]]
What weight could I get down to and be healthy? And what would my diet look like to do that?

---
- [x] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
