### [[DW]]
Did a good job of enacting the policy of using the new French word 3 times in conversation with Donna. I think that these little “flywheel” micro habits are good, and good to keep up. Also good to suggest doing something with Alex “big idea”-wise. He also seems interested.

### [[CI]]
I see the last one I had on here was bedtime and that remains an issue. I’m not getting enough sleep. If I am going to stay up at night I need to nap in the day. But it should be a conscious decision. Not a “whoops”...

### [[GMD]]
I think that I am getting “slightly” better about being unconsciously impatient/dismissive in certain interactions with Donna. It’s been a small step, but the encouraging thing, to me, is that I am getting better at noticing it when it tends to happen, and then, sometimes, able to course/tone correct a bit. I would definitely not expect Donna to notice, as in many of these instances there is still a better version of response possible, but I find it encouraging for the future. And it feels like it is an improvement that will be appreciated by both parties as I also feel better when I act more generously. 

### [[IMD]]
I think that we should do more/better future planning. Has really fallen away and it is perhaps more important than ever right now.

### [[NK]]
Rilka really seems to like “playing” with Amos now. This mainly consists of going up to him while he is on his back and crawling over him, usually putting her hands on his face/in his eye. But Amos is mostly pretty chill about it. She also did a thing where she kid of rests her face on his head and sucks on his cheek or other facial area.

### [[RT]]
What happens with Commonwealth and Alex in 5 years? It seems clear that it is a good idea, that is also why he is getting a bunch of money to do stuff, but the ROI seems minuscule at this point. Both for the companies he is working for and for his own company. 

