### [[DW]]
Have done a good job of actually digging in and fixing the ad project code. I also think I am taking the loss of a high impact paper pretty well.

### [[CI]]
I think that I need to work on avoiding technical debt/research debt as much as possible as I embark on this new "thesis" project work.

### [[GMD]]
I enjoyed the call we did with the permit lady in Montreal about adding an addition to our apartment. It felt like Donna was getting a bit into it and asking good questions which made me get into it more too and I couldn't help but look at a couple of mezzanine's that had been built in Montreal right after the call.

### [[IMD]]
I think I need to do something nice for Donna, or us, that is more than just food, wine and a tv show...

### [[NK]]
Amos has started making all kinds of wild sounds. Really seems like a bit of an animal. Also very very impatient. Seems at odds with the kid who would spend a lot of time playing with fabric. Very curious what will happen once he figures out walking. Rilka is starting to look at me differently It is like I can see some processing happening that was not happening before behind her eyes.

### [[RT]]
Are we not helping Amos and Rilka learn as quickly as they could? Should we be reading to them more? Focusing more on teaching them words?

---
- [x] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
