### [[DW]]
Finally downloaded some books on Libby to listen to instead of filling time with mediocre podcasts.

### [[CI]]
Still have not sent thank yous for BDay presents. I am very slow at this in general. Need to figure out a method of doing these that doesn't require creativity each time but is appreciated by the recipient...ideas?

### [[GMD]]
I'm not sure why I liked this so much but there was something about going to the beach, and then having Donna run up and meet with us that I liked. I think part of it was a more meta enjoyment of the idea of us both having fairly busy full lives we are living but then finding nice moments to intersect with each other and the kids. It also made me realize that almost all of my interactions with Donna have been centered around logistics or kids (or a combo). Want to build up more space for fun interaction moments.

### [[IMD]]
I think the way I encouraged Donna to run to the beach could have used improvement. I get annoyed when she puts on this "oh I coldn't possibly" mien. I think part of that is for historical reasons and part of that is because I really don't like that false modesty/politesse mode in general. But I think that I can be more straightforward without being annoyed/dismissive.

### [[NK]]
Amos has moments when he just goes off talking. It isn't really babbling as more animal sounds, but it is pretty entertaining. Rilka still is enjoying her game of putting lids on the barrier fence which I appreciate.

### [[RT]]
Is there a way to actually test for baby constipation? I should look into this. Would of course be a real money maker to invent this...

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [x] Stretch
- [x] Read 10
- [x] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [x] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
	---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
