### [[DW]]
Did a good job of not drinking during the break. Makes me think about the benefits of extending the policy.

### [[CI]]
Having a beer and some wine last night I immediately felt like I was on the prowl for **more**. What is that urge if not some sort of addiction? And what to make of that urge? Seems unhealthy in the context of my own life - on top of the calories and toxins just staying up late and not being productive and cutting into future productivity as well as overdoing it in public settings to my (usually slight) detriment. 

### [[GMD]]
I appreciate when Donna takes on tasks for the "family" (e.g. posting the apartment in Toronto for rent) and also when she recognizes some of the time that I am putting into trying to improve the apartment.

### [[IMD]]
I think that I need to be a bit more flexible and open when we have disagreements about style. I could learn something. I also would probably benefit just from giving things more thought and trying to understand an alternate aesthetic sensibility.

### [[NK]]
Amos feels close to walking. He kind of half crouched on two feet on his own last night. Though when walking and holding hands his balance vacillates between good and terrible and not in predictable ways. When Rilka was doing hand holding walking she would lean forward into the hands just trying to go faster or move in a predictable direction. Amos is not like that. He will suddenly lift one foot high in the air to the front or side. Oxr else do a little tap dance. Or look up at me and lean back. It's all over the place.

Rilka cried again at the daycare drop off. Really not sure about what her experience is like there but I hope it improves.

### [[RT]]
Back on the drinking front, I feel like I enjoyed the times when after having a "big" night I drank a fair bit but in moderation and the risk of going overboard felt absent. 

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [x] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
