### [[DW]]
Took a solid nap

### [[DJ]]
Got up more or less on time. Worked on school stuff. Picked up kids along with a bit of extra beforehand for a bike workout. It was a nice day. Made me miss nice days. Weather forecast for next 10 days has a cloud with rain showing for every day...

### [[CI]]
Start and stop activities more abruptly with end of schedule segments

### [[GMD]]
Good moment with Donna

### [[IMD]]
I forget what it was but had an "annoyed" moment with Donna today. I just feel myself being so, well, annoyed, that it is almost a bit startling. I think that I am missing having some of my own space. I like when she goes away to school.

### [[NK]]
It's interesting seeing Amos "get" something. Today at pick up he had to put away the blocks they had been using and he tried - with some prompting - to put it in the wrong place and Jordan corrected him. He got it and figured out how to stack it in the correct pile. Also interesting how Rilka can just lose it so quickly and just have a mini fit where she doesn't "want" anything that she normally wants ('no dudu!'). But then somehow putting the dudu and another doll in her backpack assuaged her? Also I am curious about what really happens in the trailer when we are on our commutes. I can't see anything but sometimes there are complaints and sometimes it is completely silent...

### [[RT]]
Curious what Rilka's body type is going to be??

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
