### [[DW]]
Actually sat down and worked on setting up a life OS, taking the time to figure a few things out. 

### [[DJ]]
Lounged in bed for a bit and thought about sleeping in but had actually been awake before the alarm went off and feeling a bit stressed about my lack of productivity on previous days. Then actually had quite a productive day watching videos by August Bradley (whose website was actually really ugly) on his pillars pipelines vaults workflow. Reminded me a bit of David Kadavy. Kind of trying to suck people in in what feels like a slightly disingenuous manner...hustling. Another cold day, below zero most of the day. Snow sticking around. Donna picked kids up then I had a pretty good evening with them. Watched a kids video which Amos was REALLY into. Oh and had a bit of a weird moment on the bike. I don't think it is mental as I actually felt okay at the end of my last interval but I know that I did push it, and shortly afterwards I started getting "the feeling". The thoughts were familiar. Panic. Wondering why I was doing this - why I don't just STOP cycling?? What is the point at this point of pushing myself this hard? And Donna wasn't home which made me more nervous. 

### [[CI]]
Should have done this earlier. But at least it is getting done. I also need to be a bit better about dealing with the exercise induced panic. Also next time try and take an ECG RIGHT away. I am pretty good about knowing when it is about to happen and going up to the edge but not over. Just when my mind overrides the body that I find myself in the position...heart rate was at 171 which isn't crazy...but have been not getting enough sleep. 

### [[GMD]]
Fun that we both enjoy the Resident Alien show though I think that it is kind of going downhill - had a really strong concept and first episode and now a bit "meh"

### [[IMD]]
I think I can be kinder and more caring while she is sick. I am almost annoyed with her for not "doing more"...think that she is probably kind of wallowing in it a bit but what is it to me to just be kind about it?

### [[NK]]
Amos was sooo into the educational video we showed them tonight. Was nice having them on both sides of me leaning in watching the video.

### [[RT]]
Wonder what the kids would be like if we had raised them in a purely English setting, and also if we acted with them a lot more like the lady on the educational video, and also if they had stayed at the YMCA...

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
