### [[DJ]]
Trouble falling asleep. Throat got really sore through the night. Think it may have to do with biking in the wet and cold. Didn't bike in the morning - mom and Donna went - or the evening (I went both ways on public transit and probably took less time than they took with the uber). Had a fairly school-heavy day. Did a call with Laura Barnes which was kind of interesting. I think I needed to have more specific questions. Gave Theo his first bath. Applied to a couple of summer schools.

### [[DW]]
Read the whole chapter to discuss with Hause. I realize that I really do well with a bit of accountability from someone whose opinion I respect/care about. And who I trust will do the work too...

### [[CI]]
A bit more thought about family would be good at this time. Theo. Donna. Mom. Matt and Kerry...what am I going to do when they are here? What am I going to put in Mom's stocking??

### [[GMD]]
A couple of times today I could see Donna trying to catch my attention and I did a better job than I have in the past of accepting the "offer" and trying to give a friendly look.

### [[IMD]]
Still need to figure out how to deal with Donna's motivated estimations (e.g. that I wouldn't get back with the kids until 6:40pm because I was "dawdling" when in fact I got back before 6) and double standards (e.g. when tonight Theo was crying and she was letting him cry while entering some financial information on her computer until my mom offered to go and get Theo - and then she was like "thanks, I'm just entering some stuff on my computer"). 

### [[NK]]
Amos on the bus looked just very interested by things. I watch his expression fairly closely to see if it looks "normal" or not. I also like that he has developed a sign on his own for watch. Rilka continues to have nonsensical meltdowns. Remind me of Donna. Tonight it was her bottle being taken away which she had already finished with and stashed by her side.

### [[RT]]
What do Kerry and Matt really think about having kids? Is it completely driven by Kerry?

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that Matthew and Kerry made the effort to drive all the way up here.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
