### [[DW]]
Had a nice focus to the day. Worked on something that needs to get done (scraping data from rkstudio).

### [[DJ]]
Slept in a bit. For some reason had a hard time going to sleep last night. Maybe because I stayed up watching the NCAA championship game. Which was pretty bad. Basically a blowout. Worked decently with some admin interruptions (registering the kids for RAMQ with a nice older french lady who was really good at the whole alpha-bravo-charlie business)

Picked kids up - jogged over and was sweating. 

Vouva was apologetic about the haircut. She was saying that it was "dangerous", the hair in the eyes. I would have appreciated a simple apology more. It's a terrible excuse. You see me every day. Just ask. And I KNOW that she also cut Amos' but we're not bringing that up. I think that they thought that we didn't notice perhaps and so just aren't bringing it up themselves? Makes me not a huge fan of them at least on that measure. Though I probably have done similar and worse in the recent past. It's excuses, instead of just accepting responsibility. 

It was 16 and sunny and we went to Parc St. Louis, which is an interesting combo of sketchy characters and joggers and more "normal" people. Donna came and joined. We walked around with the kids in the empty fountain in the middle of the park and then put them on our shoulders to Amos' immense delight and laughter.

Amos had, also, previously taken what I think can fairly be counted as his first step.

### [[CI]]
Need to make a list of all the things that need to get done and then put them in order.

### [[GMD]]
It wasn't actually that good but had a discussion/argument with Donna of the type I find pretty aggravating where she construes things as super black/white and creates large straw man arguments. And I feel like I am just trying to say lets be reasonable, it's a complicated decision. In this case the decision of whether to go to NS this summer.

### [[IMD]]
Again, a bit more effort when Donna comes to talk to me and a bit more respect when she is working/on a call.

### [[NK]]
Rilka was just losing it before bed tonight but as soon as she was in her sleep sack her thumb was in her mouth and the tears stopped. The sleep sacks are great. Why do people transition so early to blankets??

### [[RT]]
Is there something really wrong with how the thesis committee operates? I feel like it is a huge opportunity but is treated like the lowest form of service? This is helping guide the research of your department, kind of the raison d'etre, and you can have so much influence with so little input. And yet even that little input is pathetic. Another meeting is too much to bear? wtf.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
