### [[DW]]
Did a better job of working today. I think I will check everything off my list this time.

### [[DJ]]
Started with a little bit of writing but had a slow start. But still enjoying the writing and the story.

Listened to a talk by Betsy Levy Paluck which was quite good. 

Did a bike ride, over unders, was tough but doable. 

Picked up kids...went to park for a little while. It was getting kind of slushy and wet as the thaw has arrived.

### [[CI]]
Let's get to bed by 10 tonight.

### [[GMD]]
Enjoyed watching Dix pour cent with Donna. Brought back memories both of early days right after birth as well as our time in Paris/France. It is starting to feel distant already.

### [[IMD]]
I need to be better at communicating what I am doing when I am engaging with a screen and she is next to me. I would be annoyed if it was reversed. I feel justified because, in this case, I was looking for a tv show for us both to watch but, again, communicate.

### [[NK]]
The kids were on a tear when we got back from daycare and post dinner. Amos ate 1.5 clementines and Rilka had a whole banana. It is funny how amos is now no longer interested in banana (and sometimes not in clementine) and how Rilka has never been into clementine but now was back on banana. 

Amos made a really tall tower out of boxes and then Rilka came over and knocked it down. When I was changing her he kept trying to put his head really close to hers and then was trying to touch her eye. And then whacked her. I told him not to do that and then he started crying face down on the floor and she started crying. This feels like a bit of a new kind of crying. It is hard to know how to deal with it exactly. Need to think more about it.

### [[RT]]
Are there things that I am missing "doing" for/with the kids? Should I be providing more support/mental and physical challenges?

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
