### [[DW]]
Got into a headspace that was a bit thoughtful about how I am using and organizing my time. I think that will hopefully pay off.

### [[DJ]]
Today was a drop off day and we got off to a bit of an early start so did a little pitstop at a park off of Rachel on the way to daycare.

Then jogged home. Wogged. Jalked. Back by around 8:30. Did a bit of crossword.

Then got to work - math and python learning.

Then school stuff. Then lab meeting with RAs.

Then a nap which actually I slept for and had a hard time waking up from.

Then meeting with Cendri. She was kind of distracted and I just find her level of engagement kind of low. Seems like she is putting a ton of work into her classes. Time well spent? Better utility? She just seems bad at planning this stuff somehow?

More futzing on school stuff and then dinner and now trying to whittle down the to do list. Including going over the to do list...

### [[CI]]
I need to step back and think a bit more about the step by step plan of each of these phases and how best to use the RAs and potentially the summer work study students.

I was inspired by Vanessa and want to feel like that. I have done everything on my list at the end of the day. Which likely means better list management. More realistic. Also more of those moments of losing myself in the flow.

### [[GMD]]
I appreciate that she is making the effort to do things like meet with the people in the lab she is planning on joining...

### [[IMD]]
I think that a bit of conversation before watching tv at dinner would be good. Need to structure that in a way as I am often a bit tired by that point.

### [[NK]]
Amos continues to be "into" standing and walking with help. I think that it actually is helpful that the ground is still wet and cold and even icy in spots as it makes crawling much less appealing.

### [[RT]]
Random thought

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)


### Intentional activity
- Half of the SWL dropped seemed to happen before the war in Syria...hope seemed to mirror this and went up once the war started?
- how confident are we in gallup methodology across countries
- how confident are we in SWL measure??


- income redistribution is the causal mechanism?
	- a country that increases income redistribution are probably countries that are doing well
	- social agenda 

A flourishing economy leads to greater income redistribution?
A change of political regime leads to both?

-> For poor and rich, liberals and conservatives...


Subjective well-being predicts fewer and less severe terrorism
