### [[DW]]
Did my note today after a week of missing.

### [[DJ]]
The rain is unending. [This](https://dailyhive.com/vancouver/vancouver-abbotsford-wettest-fall-record) was 4 days ago and if feels like it has been raining ever since...

Had a pretty productive "school" day...there was a morning meeting with Lauren Barnes and emailed her about her work as there was a lot of overlap with what I am doing. Then had a half-attention SPRG meeting and a Cendri meeting. Was planning on a 1-3pm nap but never got to it. And now it is almost midnight. Need to rebalance soon.

### [[CI]]
Actually follow my schedule. Actually get good sleep.

### [[GMD]]
Had a decent 7:30pm hang out. Talked about podcast plans.

### [[IMD]]
I should engage more when Donna is going to bed.

### [[NK]]
Not sure if it is neat but it is interesting I guess. Just trying to think about Amos and what is going on with him. This weekend at the pool I asked him to kick his legs while swimming and he immediately did it. So sometimes it feels like he is "getting things". And then he rips around on his bike at pretty high speed and seems quite coordinated. Though not very cautious. Is he just not trying because Rilka is better than him at everything? Is he lazy? A combo? Or is it a mental issue? The conversation with the FXS researcher Elena Lopez made it sound like she REALLY thought the repeats could not be the issue. So who knows what is going on. Sometimes I think that we are letting him off the hook too much really working hard to interpret him and doing lots of things for him that he could probably do for himself if pushed.

### [[RT]]
Are my legs getting skinnier?

### [[Gratitude]]
I'm really grateful how good shape I am naturally in. That is pretty lucky.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
