### [[DW]]
Doing well to get back into the journaling. If slowly.

### [[DJ]]
Really warm day.

Dropped kids off at daycare in the morning. When I arrived they both seemed a bit out of it. Hard to interpret - are they just interested in what is going on on the street? They both craned their neck when a big loud truck went by. Watching it until it was out of view.

Walk/jogged back. It was so nice out - with the light coming down the streets on the way back. 

Mostly spent the day working on the measure for the intention behavior gap. Planning to send to Paschal Sheeran right after this. Pleased that he got back to me. Want Apple to get back soon!

Had our lab meeting. It was kind of dead and I was surprised that Cendri let it be so passive...we ended up playing a game which was fun but I feel like there should be some sort of conversation that we have as well...

Took a break before dinner and went out to sit in the park. There is still ice and slush but things are melting and drying quickly. Interesting mix of people. Lots of young people which made me happy. Some people had brought a little hibachi and looked like they were cooking steaks. 

Things in general really could use a good cleaning in the city. Lots of trash and detritus revealed in the melting.

Kind of decided on going to Vancouver for Donna's post doc tonight. I think I am looking forward?

### [[CI]]
Not taking my breaks at the assigned time. Need to get the audio working again tomorrow on that.

### [[GMD]]
Had some fun moments today when we both tried to surprise each other in our respective offices. Nice break in the day.

### [[IMD]]
I was a bit rude about the whole Vancouver decision. Not sure why? I found something about the approach kind of annoying. Felt a bit posture-y in terms of acting as if there were other options when it seems like this is the only real option?

### [[NK]]
They get pretty gone once they are tired. But still thinking about the day in the Park des Joyeaux Vikings which was so much fun. And how Rilka let herself go down the slide with the guy/parent she had just met.

### [[RT]]
Random thought

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
