### [[DW]]
Did a decent job of sticking to my schedule and avoiding time block creep.

### [[DJ]]
Got up slightly after 7 based on my new schedule and got to my desk by about 7:30. Did my learning and was pretty on the ball with all my work sessions - other than a disruption when Marc came at lunch to replace the cassette on my rear wheel which was definitely worth the time. Picked the kids up, did a bit of time at the playground where I got into a bit of an argument with some kids who were being a bit pushy with Amos and Rilka. Watched a magic show with dinner. Now watching Brooklyn/Milwaukee as I get some admin stuff done...

### [[CI]]
I didn't do my singing today. Need to get that back on track.

### [[GMD]]
Donna was pretty relaxed/understanding with them coming into her room while she was on a call...

### [[IMD]]
I should be a bit better about respecting her time in those sorts of situations. I know that I would find it annoying...

### [[NK]]
Rilka has started feeding and giving water to her dolls and the rabbits. Amos has moments when I find him a bit exasperating when he is at the park and I take him from one location to another and he just starts crying pretty hard. I'm getting a bit tired of holding his hands to help him walk around.

### [[RT]]
Curious what the other parents think of me/Rilka/Amos (if anything) while at the park...

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
