### [[DW]]
Got up at a decent hour and got started right away.
Drank a reasonable amount last night.

### [[DJ]]
Took part in Trampoline Hall event. Elliat was discussing makeover shows. It was okay. Talked to some people in a breakout room afterwards. One person was a flight attendant out of work because of the pandemic. She had been given the option to fly anywhere for free for a year after being let go and hadn't gone anywhere (and felt proud of that).
Was really cold yesterday with more cold coming this weekend. I do appreciate that it does not go above zero as then things would be messier and uglier...but I guess inevitably that moment will come.

### [[CI]]
Need to keep pushing to stick to the schedule. Yesterday I worked though a bunch of breaks which then leads to me taking time off during working periods. Try to minimize both of those.

### [[GMD]]
It was nice doing trampoline hall with Donna last night. Makes me excited to go out and actually DO things together again.

### [[IMD]]
I apologized for it afterward but when something like the misplaced lock happens I react as if I would NEVER do that, when it is more that I am less likely to do it...it could also happen to me. So a bit more understanding and less blaming would be a good approach.

### [[NK]]
I do like that Amos still remembers how to sign for food when he is hungry. Has kind of been the only sign they have gotten...

### [[RT]]
Should I be pushing Donna in any direction? I think that perhaps it just is a case of thinking things through and discussing and then hopefully for both of us things will become more clear.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
