### [[DW]]
I think that overall I am doing an OKAY job of maintaining during this first week of Theo. I wrote my letter and tried to make it good rather than long. I have been keeping school stuff in mind, and making some progress on the to-do list.

### [[DJ]]
Mom and Donna took kids to school as forecast was for wet snow. Turned out to actually be a pretty nice day. I had to pick up the kids early. Jordan was a bit late having the kids ready which is pretty on brand. Went to the movies for the first time since watching Joker in Paris to see Dune with Donna. Now on duty and Theo is just waking up for a nighttime feed...

### [[CI]]
Maybe do some more organizational stuff earlier in the day as it is so hard to get motivated at 10pm at night when feeling tired.

### [[GMD]]
Had a disagreement around the movie we were planning to see tonight as she was not ready on time. But managed to smooth it over well enough that there was not residual negative energy.

### [[IMD]]
Even given that we made our way through the previous tension mentioned above I think that I could have been gentler and kinder in my approach.

### [[NK]]
What is going on with Amos' laughter. He really just cracks up at the smallest provocation. Though more so now he also gets annoyed due to small provocations...

### [[RT]]
I'm just thinking back to the weekend where we had the get-together with the parents and teaches from Alderwood. Heather and Jordan had spent time getting dressed up and Heather in particular was very energetic. I was impressed. And then seeing their cheap cars I felt sad. Maybe they just don't care and are managing their money well but it just felt like these people who do so much good in the world are not getting remunerated appropriately for that. And made me annoyed with Vancouver that it is so expensive to live in this place...

### [[Gratitude]]


---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
