### [[DW]]
Had a good sleep in. 

### [[DJ]]
Slept in. Not a very productive day but got some work done and also had a productive evening. Watched one episode of Ted Lasso.

### [[CI]]
Need to keep my schedule screen on more often.

### [[GMD]]
Had a long "argument" about genes and height and in the end I "kind of" won, or got my point across and Donna "kind of" grudgingly conceded. Not that either of those are really that important, but what was more noteworthy was just the fact that the tenor of the conversation didn't devolve into being really annoyed. I still get the feeling as I feel like Donna is often being willfully obtuse, but in a sense it is a challenge that I need to learn to rise to.

### [[IMD]]
I need to find a few more ways to express "thoughtfulness" to Donna. It doesn't have to be Four Seasons scale (though it can)...and probably more but smaller items would have a more enduring effect.

### [[NK]]
I really like when I get to daycare and see Amos bouncing up and down when he sees me, and then the teacher trying to convince him to put something away but he keeps getting distracted, while Rilka is calmly and happily singing the clean up song and putting the puzzle pieces back in their box.

### [[RT]]
Was interesting hearing Steven Levitt talking about how his kids are not all hardworking (one in particular) -  curious how hard working RIlka and Amos will be...

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
