### [[DW]]
Started finally down the expfactory docker path...

### [[DJ]]
Biked kids to school in the morning. Wasn't raining which was nice. Realized that it takes close to 20 minutes to clean the bike and trailer each day. Saw Donna's friend from Massey while cleaning. He seemed a bit boggled by the fact that we were biking to Richmond each day and then later I met a mom in the elevator who seemed to know Donna and knew about our daily trek to Richmond. Did school stuff until just after 2 and then took a nap. Then dinner and kids and some more admin and school. 

### [[CI]]
Sometimes I watch lectures and am paying half attention while doing something else. Hard to figure out the best approach but seems like I should just stop watching if it is going to be half attention when I could use my full attention for "real" work

### [[GMD]]
Had a pretty good call with Roger today. 

### [[IMD]]
I find myself just getting annoyed at Donna. Even doing the podcast which should have been fun I was annoyed. Annoyed at her non-responses. Annoyed at the empty airspace. Annoyed that it wasn't a fun back and forth. Not sure if we should continue this together or perhaps better to do it on our own.

### [[NK]]
Rilka was funny today as when she got home she wanted mom to taker her out of the chariot. I didn't let her have her way and took her out which she found quite upsetting. I then kind of brainwashed her with keys, and other distractions which mostly worked but it was funny because the day before when I was biking her home she had the same reaction to donna. Kind of fealty to the biker. Also funny how I am trying to manipulate/outsmart a 2 year old.

### [[RT]]
Why was it so unpleasant to get started down the expfactory path? I think partly because there is so much that I don't want to have to deal with and find annoying. All of these piddly copy pastes without knowing exactly why. And moreover, why it can't be automated??

I just want to run the experiment online. Why can't this be a one button thing?? Seems totally feasible.

### [[Gratitude]]
I guess I am grateful that things still seem up in the air in some ways re: Amos. I would not be totally surprised if he turned out to be normal - he has not shut the door on that possibility yet...though it is certainly slowly closing...


---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
