### [[DW]]
Did a pretty good job of sticking with the thesis proposal revision until done. 

### [[DJ]]
Usual morning. Kids trying to bonk their bottles together while changing them. Rilka at first not that into eating her porridge but it may have been a spoon preference issue.
Then worked on the thesis, then lab meeting, then more thesis which I finished a bit before 2pm. Then an attempted nap, not really successful. Then a bit of planning and trying to get back on track/momentum.

Watched quite a bit of His Dark Materials tonight. Which was fun.

### [[CI]]
Need to find a bit more time for high level thinking about the project. What about bringing in collaborators, for example?

### [[GMD]]
Just feel a bit closer to Donna these days knowing that we may having another kid and may be going through that unique time again...

### [[IMD]]
I haven't pushed hard for putting future planning time on the schedule...

### [[NK]]
Funny how they figured out how to eat/chew. Didn't really need to teach them that. Impressed that Rilka pees so little during the night. Need to probably be a bit more proactive about the potty training.

### [[RT]]
Does it make Amos feel bad that Rilka is more advanced than him? Does it make him feel anything?

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
