### [[DW]]
Did a good job of trying, at least, to eat the frog in terms of attempting to get the launchd automation working. So frustrating that it just STOPPED working and now I can't figure out how to get it going again.

### [[DJ]]
Got up after staying up kind of late - a bit more Battle of Titan watching than anticipated once again. Also had two small beer - I think the combo of fatigue and a couple of drinks just kills me self-control. Took the kids to daycare and dropped off and on my way home by 8:15. Was a really nice day - so just walked back thinking about things. Walking without audio on a nice day feels a bit like a brain wash.

### [[CI]]
Need to set a time window for non-critical tasks that I can get lost in like the launchd situation. Think about how important it is to move things forward, and what is the minimal version in order to make the required progress. 

### [[GMD]]
Had a bit of a testy moment with Donna when I was trying to get a phone number down to call back a nurse that had called about booking and appointment with Amos re: walking, but Donna didn't really react which made me feel grateful and want to do better...

### [[IMD]]
Related to the same (above), my annoyance was really not justified. I just had weird expectations that weren't met and hadn't even explained that this was a phone number for Amos and that there was an extension etc.

### [[NK]]
This was from yesterday morning, and I wish that I had taken a photo but Rilka had the plastic box that toys are in over her head and a plush rabbit in each hand and was just kind of wandering around the house. It was great. Amos is still laughing like a maniac when he goes to bed. It's pretty great. Need to get more videos because it WILL stop one day. Hard to imagine...but of course true...

### [[RT]]
Curious how Catherine's conversation with Roger went...hope it was productive/good.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
