### [[DW]]
Have been doing a decent job of coordinating RAs and thesis people and work study etc...

### [[DJ]]
Got up - took the kids to daycare on the subway (Rilka slept in until 7:30am which was odd - then I let Amos wake her up). Managed to arrive by 8:08 which was pretty good...then walked back home. Really nice day out. Decent work day but broken up with calls and minutiae. Had a decent bike ride. 

### [[CI]]
Stick to schedule better. Have been having a hard time getting to bed on time.

### [[GMD]]
I liked how Donna even though she was in a bad mood going to bed was still willing to be teased and put in a minorly laughing mood.

### [[IMD]]
Had bad tone this morning with Donna. Thought about it on the way out the door as I was on my way to daycare with the kids. Also made her go get wd-40 for the stroller as if it was somehow her fault that the wheel was broken...

### [[NK]]
Rilka is getting into buses. I have taken her on a few and now she always points them out and says "buh, buh". She also really really really is focused on getting to ride around in the baby bjorn. She loses it if we even consider putting Amos and not her in it (due to stroller being broken)

### [[RT]]
How many more words does Rilka understand than Amos?

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
