### [[DW]]
Got the automated download pretty much dialed in. Pretty neat. Worked quite steadily today. 

### [[DJ]]
Slept in a bit after having a bit of a hard time getting to sleep.
Result was skipping my writing session.
Then worked basically all day and then picked the kids up, arriving at 5pm on the dot again. Should roll that back 5 minutes.

Went to Jeanne Mance - was nobody in the skateboard area today which seemed strange. But tons of people out on the grass. Which is starting to turn green. 21 degrees. Then met Donna for a brief interlude at Park St. Louis, before a slighly delayed bedtime and dinner and a bit of His Dark Materials...then some admin and am feeling quite sleepy...

### [[CI]]
Need to keep watching the pillars and pipelines series - still feel like my organizational system feels disjointed.

### [[GMD]]
I like that I was able to invite Donna at the last minute to hang out at the park with us and she was down for it. And she put together a little bag of food and even some wipes for the kids.

### [[IMD]]
I lost my cool today when I was asking Donna to guess her response rate to my app and she asked for a bunch of fucking clarifications about what that meant and then got into a debate about whether "any" also could mean zero. Obviously not. "Do you have any money". "Yes, I have none." Anyway, got fed up with it and just disengaged. Both good and bad.

### [[NK]]
Amos seems quite keen on walking all of a sudden. Likes to hold onto hands and walk around. Will be so fun when he "gets it". Today at the park I gave Rilka a piece of bed and she demanded another. Which I gave. Then she walked over to Amos and gave him the extra piece.

### [[RT]]
Could we be feeding the kids better in the sense that it would actually make a developmental difference?

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
