### [[DW]]
Been doing well to stick with doing these notes. The alarm is key.

### [[DJ]]
A bit of another low productivity day. Did a fair bit of reading...then listened to Thaler while doing an easy bike ride say "make your research about the world, not the literature"...

Picked up kids. It was 2 degrees but felt chilling out. Humid I guess. 

### [[CI]]
Again, similar to yesterday need to not give myself "time off" because I am tired and was working hard before. If I just worked steadily then I wouldn't have to do the late nights and would avoid being tired and then wanting to goof off.

### [[GMD]]
Had a fun moment when I was making Donna poor me water while I was poised to tickle her and she was ready to pour it on me in that event... 

### [[IMD]]
I was a bit annoying about checking Slack...have to manage to disconnect being annoyed with acting annoying.

### [[NK]]
Today at the playground a girl a bit older than Rilka put her arm around her and kind of "took" her over to play for a minute, then left, but Rilka was pretty game for it which was nice to see.

Then when Amos was at the top of the slide Rilka went to the bottom but then backed up, remembering getting knocked down two days before in a similar situation. Then when he came down the slide she clapped and then he clapped, it was great. 

Then at dinner time he started choking a bit and she went to pat him on the back. Also great.

### [[RT]]
How much smarter than Amos is Rilka right now? 

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
