### [[DW]]
Got to bed relatively on time and got to sleep.

### [[DJ]]
Feels a bit like the first day of spring today. Was able to walk to daycare without my gloves on. Things are melting (and icy - I fell on Duluth on the jog back from daycare). There are birds chirping. I am worried that the next couple of months are going to be pretty sloppy and messy. Kind of sad to see winter go, actually.

### [[CI]]
Need to stop for my breaks. Obey the schedule.

### [[GMD]]
I have enjoyed the times when we show or tell each other things about the kids, that they "did". Hard to remember that there was a time when they didn't really "do" anything...

### [[IMD]]
Can still work on eye contact when she comes by my office and talks to me. I would not be happy if she kept looking at her computer when I went to visit her.

### [[NK]]
Amos standing last night was great. He did it perhaps a dozen times, with various falls. So much more brave than Rilka at this stage. Or reckless. When we cheered so much for him, she started standing up as well. And then we would cheer for her and she was really happy. So we had a couple kids kind of pogo-ing up and down with lots of cheering. Though one had already been walking for almost 7 months.

### [[RT]]
Will my experiment have any meaningful results???
Is Wim a good fit? I should probably keep looking for others...

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
