### [[DW]]
Finally cued up the emails to people related to my measure/project. Not sure why it was so hard to actually just do that. I think that it is the type of thing I am much better at doing when I have momentum. Need to build more momentum.

### [[DJ]]
Got up and then dawdled a bit, then did some of the Mike X Cohen Udemy and then did a bit of work but got pretty sidetracked with Notion stuff and then appliances...then a couple of calls and the day was kind of shot...but that was on me. Picked up the kids and went to Corbeil to look at appliances (pretty slim pickings) and then went to the park where I gave the kids dinner. Then home and dinner...

### [[CI]]
Got off the schedule today and went to bed late last night. Need to avoid that.

### [[GMD]]
Had a fun time playing with Donna when she was lying down in bed and I went in to tickle her.

### [[IMD]]
Should come a bit more quickly when she calls for dinner.

### [[NK]]
Rilka ripped a really loud long adult level fart in the park today. Rilka also spun Amos around on the roundabout while Amos stood in the middle.

### [[RT]]
What happens all day at the kids current daycare? When will we actually get off the waiting list for the "real" daycares here in Montreal?

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)


- Stephanie
	- not to take morris's class
- critical and enthusiastic...the focus is not on complaining but on seeing the possibility of something better
- optimization...
	- apps to optimize...
	- but i think the goal is not optimization but improvement...

# not quiet...
- not really into small talk...social or scientific...
- very into ideas...

# why not record the phd presentation?