### [[DW]]
Had a really productive weekend getting all the stuff for the reno and was pretty patient with Donna's father as he told me about the tools.

### [[DJ]]
Had a really good time in the park today with the kids. Stayed almost until 7pm and there was a dad at the end who was chasing his kids (and Rilka, who loved it) around claiming to be "le grand requin". It was great.

During the day was a bit of a bounce around. Working on admin stuff (had the call for daycare subsidy and found out we will be paying just over $10...crazy), and a bit of school stuff - call with Kyle the work study student.

### [[CI]]
Didn't get anything done on the reno today.
Also need to really keep on top of notion. Don't get lazy.

### [[GMD]]
Enjoying watching the Mare of Easttown show with Donna...reminds me a bit of Pictou and fun to see her impressions of that smalltown rural world...

### [[IMD]]
Had some poor tone moments before dinner tonight when I was annoyed about the missing temperature gauge...

### [[NK]]
Amos is walking a lot now. Need to get some videos while he is still doing his zombie walk. Was neat in the park today as Amos was on a push car on the opposite side of the park when I gave rilka her bottle and she wanted the other bottle and then carried it all the way over to Amos. Also a random kid helped amos finish his fruit pouch. Squeezing it into his mouth for him.

### [[RT]]
Curious how the other park parents think of me/Rilka/Amos. Don't care very much but curious to know.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
