### [[DW]]
Had a mini productivity spike prior to meeting with Cendri

### [[DJ]]
Cloudy morning. Got kids to daycare fairly early. Sitting in front of computer with breakfast by 8:30. Spent some time on Bike stuff...listened to podcast with Tom Pidcock. Sounded pretty cocky but in a fine way for someone who is 21. I think that cocky is fine. It is belief in yourself...it kind of implies that other people are not as good but it is not "active" in that sense. 

Spent a bit of time in park St. Louis...was about to ask musicians to play a particular song and then kind of lost the will to do so. Need to get back on that sort of JUST DO IT life.

### [[CI]]
Be more spontaneous in productive ways. Think big.

### [[GMD]]
Had fun joking around with Donna at dinner tonight.

### [[IMD]]
A bit of tension around the whole shoe issue. The idea that they were really concerned with Rilka's shoes at daycare didn't totally track for me.

### [[NK]]
Amos is actually being not neat in general - very whiny/cry-y but at moments still losing it and laughing his head off. Rilka tonight was also crying a lot. Curious if it is Donna or their day at school or just random fluctuations.

### [[RT]]
Curious about what nap time actually looks like at their daycare. Would love a camera view of what is happening during the day...x

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
