### [[DW]]
Had a good hang out with Marc. Was nice to have a social moment and see other people out and about.

### [[DJ]]
Slept in a bit, but not really sleeping. Got out of bed close to 7:30.

Worked pretty well over the course of the day. First sent off the measure to Paschal Sheeran, then did a bit of writing. Then moved on to make some tweaks on the app...played around with trying to get the web view to work. Limited success.

Then took a nap and afterwards did a bike ride while watching SPRG.

Then sprinted to pick up kids and then jogged over to the mountain (jean mance) to meet up with Marc.

Marc thought Amos reminded him a bit of himself...a bit slow as a kid...

### [[CI]]
Did better on the breaks today but need a better idea of what I need to do at what time.

### [[GMD]]
I thought that we had a decent conversation about BC that at least got us on the same page with a bit of tension initially but then that dissipated.

### [[IMD]]
Well I could pick the same moment. I feel that sometimes Donna does the martyr style "well you asked for it so of course i did it"...in ways that are not clearly in her best interests. This annoys/exasperates me. Need to deal with it better.

### [[NK]]
Just so fun seeing the kids playing in the park today. Amos just seemed really happy and into walking and Rilka was enjoying just taking it all in and was pretty independent in terms of exploring on her own. She did a little circuit on the stairs and slide over and over along with another boy for a while. Her balance is getting much better. She came off the slide once and wobbled but caught herself as she landed on her feet.

### [[RT]]
What is a day in the life like for Marc? And how satisfied is he with his current life?

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)











