### [[DW]]
Had a productive work morning with both reading and working on the measure.

### [[DJ]]
Really did not enjoy the bike ride today. A few close calls with cars. You could say partly my fault for not anticipating the bad driving but objectively the fault of the bad drivers. Makes me so frustrated. The carelessness that could have such repercussions (but not for them). Had a good work morning and then a long nap which was much needed and not long enough. Then a not so productive evening with a bit of annoyance at the whole UNA basketball fiasco and the small-mindedness of the candidates running. 

### [[CI]]
I could be a better citizen. If I find things frustrating become part of them and make them better. Kind of wish that I ran for UNA and just spoke my mind.

### [[GMD]]
Watching the UNA I felt like we had a less heated version of a conversation that we have had before where we just kind of disagree on something where I don't get why a particular view point is "evident" from the facts I am presented with and Donna doesn't really have a compelling argument but is strong in her belief. Being relaxed and asking questions in a genuine way is kind of more fulfilling than my previous approach. Need to embrace that.

### [[IMD]]
I could be a little bit more engaged when we say goodnight to each other.

### [[NK]]
Tonight Rilka and I played the piano by lifting our hands up in the air and then saying "ready, set, go" and then pounding away on the keys. Amos joined for a minute and then left. I am curious if he feels less competent and so is engaging in a "not try if I am not good" behavior?

### [[RT]]
What is the best set up for January...I kind of desperately want to get to France earlier...should we push for that?

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that we may have found decent tenants for our place and a reasonable place to say and maybe even a willingness on Donna's part to leave a bit early for France...

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
