### [[DW]]
Got back from daycare dropoff before 8:30. Slowly been getting faster.

### [[DJ]]
Cold morning. -12. Real feel of -18. Rilka halfway to daycare just started a moan/cry that I think was in response to the cold. Amos almost never does that. I do think that their mitts are probably not the warmest. I am happy that they seem so enthusiastic to arrive at daycare now. 

Yesterday was super bowl sunday and data viz club. No one in data viz was watching the superbowl. I had it on my iPad next to Donna's laptop where we were on zoom. Really like the group and am happy that it came together. Feels supportive and interestingly diverse.

### [[CI]]
Need to keep pushing to achieve stricter adherence to my schedule.

### [[GMD]]
I appreciate how Donna has been putting extra effort into making the Sunday night data viz a bit special, as well as taking the cleaning schedule seriously. 

### [[IMD]]
How do I approach Donna's gaining weight? 

### [[NK]]
So much stuff. Amos stood up with the babysitter on Sunday. He is also crawling at supersonic speed when excited. Still laughing his head off when going to bed, or to a nap. Getting really good at steering the little push trike that the family gave him. Rilka seems to both enjoy riding it and pushing it around backwards. Amos has even started to figure out how to get over obstacles that are blocking the wheels. Rilka is talking a lot. Rilka likes to do the 1-2-3-4-5 countdown on the bed and then fall (with little regard for where) like a chopped tree. Finally had a bit of fun in the snow, sliding on some snowpiles over the weekend. 

### [[RT]]
Random thought

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
