### [[DW]]
Submitted to SPSP

### [[DJ]]
was really tired when waking up. Still recovering from saturday night bowling followed by hanging out at joes. Until 5am...Got a flat tire on the way to daycare. Really annoying and unpleasant just standing in the rain and then changing the tire with cold fingers. Gloves were soaked by the end. Feet wet. Just not super pleasant. And in the back of my mind was the thought of how this would go in January...

### [[CI]]
I'm not really putting a lot of work into the kids these days. Kind of just maintaining. Should we switch from bottles? Should I be more creative re: diet? How can I really try and help Amos?

### [[GMD]]
Our evening talk sessions are nice. A good addition.

### [[IMD]]
I think that I could still be a bit more engaged in the birth process. Feels like I am kind of leaving a lot of that to her even beyond the obvious physical aspect.

### [[NK]]
Rilka has finally started wearing a hair clip. It makes her look different. Amos is SO distractable. And why is he so fascinated by lights and the ceiling. Still often points to them and grunts as if there is something amazing going on...

### [[RT]]
Feeling kind of stressed about our travel plans. Maybe we are trying to do too much? Do we just come back at the end of April? I am kind of leaning that way. Though if we can housesit for free perhaps that makes sense too? But what about next year. Maybe easier to take off starting in November if we have put in a bit more time beforehand?? Maybe also dependent on getting into daycare at UBC?? And then what to do about Montreal? Still go out for July?

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that Cendri has been so supportive over the years.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
