### [[DW]]
Decided to fill this out and get back into the routine.

### [[JD]]
Had a bit to drink last night while watching the NFL conference championships games and noodling around getting some errands done.

Had a meeting with the Data Viz club where we presented our datasets.

Dropped the kids of at daycare this morning. -13 when we left the house. They didn't seem very happy on the walk over. A bit of chaos at arrival. Not sure what the deal is with the third helper and what the set up is during the day? Also they seems just a little bit too enthusiastic for my taste.

### [[CI]]
Need to find a way to get this into my day. Maybe it is 30 minutes at night that uses part of the admin time.

Also need to figure out how to get singing back in there.

### [[GMD]]
Had a nice midday break with Donna. I feel like I need to appreciate how weird this is, in comparison to most people's normal lives, that this is possible just whenever.

### [[IMD]]
Tone. Work on it. Eye contact. 

Just explain if you are not in a communicative space.

### [[NK]]
They are starting to "get" more and more. Interesting how Amos is so into the spinner. They get expressions on their face that are new. Like they realize there is something to "get".

### [[RT]]
What should I be doing about France? How to think about the summer? How to set aside time to consider these things...

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
