### [[DW]]
Have been doing a good job at using Notion and trying to keep things in the ecosystem and fixing things when they break

### [[DJ]]
Did quite a bit of reading and watching today. Watched Andrew NG on MLOps and the idea that data management is as important as algorithm development. Makes sense - basically he says that in terms of looking for rapid gains it is often better to have better labeling procedures than just more data or better algorithms...
Also watched Colin Camerer talk on using ML for some longitudinal studies on hand washing and gym attendance. Seemed basically just like a regression model with tons of terms but using held out data for prediction and 

### [[CI]]
Still need to figure out recurring items in Notion. Also my schedule is a bit jacked. I am getting work done but not on any real schedule. Need to think that through. And need more sleep.

### [[GMD]]
Had fun joking around with Donna after dinner.

### [[IMD]]
Could have done a bit better in encouraging her re: the planters on the balcony. Not sure how hard to push on these things - I feel like there are options that we would both be into but unfortunately sometimes I think that her first option would not really do it for me...

### [[NK]]
Today at the park they were both quite independent with Rilka playing for a long time in the sand next to some other kids. She then, when we had dinner at Parc St. Louis really wanted to wander really far away from us. Needs to learn how to come back when called. Not good at that. Feels a bit like training a dog. Amos was kind of whiny. He really needs to master walking to get where he wants to go. Also kind of throws fits when he doesn't get what he wants. 

### [[RT]]
How is the kitchen reno project going to go? Am I WAY underestimating things??

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
