### [[DW]]
Had a pretty good meeting with Cendri. Was pretty well prepped.

### [[DJ]]
Got up after a few hours sleep and got the kids ready for daycare. They were still asleep when I got up so was able to get everything set up (i.e. make their oatmeal, get their bibs and sippy cups out, get their shoes out of the closet, etc.), which I like doing. Kind of like making the bed - feels like the day is off to a nice organized start. Got out of the house and in the stroller by about 7:50. It was chilly but sunny, and warmed up throughout the day. Came back and prepped for the call with Cendri. Had the call/meeting and also let Cendri know that we are expecting another kid. She was a bit taken aback. Then kept working because I wanted to take a nap once Donna was out of the bed - so only got about 30 minutes of nap time before prepping bottles and meeting Donna and the kids in the park. We hung out for a bit and had a call with mom who is LA in the middle of the Catherine/Matthew reno situation. Then home and a Greek dinner from the restaurant on the corner that Donna provided and a bit of resident alien...

### [[CI]]
I think that I need to help Cendri have more confidence in the project and the plan. Need to really show her that this is DOABLE in the next 5 weeks.

### [[GMD]]
Had a few fun moments watching Resident Alien with Donna where we both had a good laugh at the same moment.

### [[IMD]]
Donna wanted to show me a video on her phone while we were in the park and I kind of brushed it off because I was in the middle of something else but I easily could have stopped and watched. Had I been in her shoes I would have been a bit annoyed/hurt

### [[NK]]
Rilka put her bottle in the cloth bag I brought to the park and then walked around dragging the bag everywhere with her in the park. I put Amos on my shoulders and he laughed his head off as we walked/jogged/jumped our way home...

### [[RT]]
What does Cendri really think of the project, and, more largely, my life??

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
