### [[DW]]
Had a decent disrupted day. Felt like I made minor progress and got some quick things off the plate that needed to be done.

### [[DJ]]
Another day with the kids home. Donna mainly on potty duty. Didn't really work in the end. Rilka mostly got it but still had some accidents. Amos is still miles away. Gillian came by to have a session with Amos. Seemed fine but not super impressed with her work. She seems mainly inexperienced and good at observing but the interventions seem extremely limited.

### [[CI]]
I need to have a better master plan, from which my daily activities are spawned that helps keep me feeling centered and that I have clear "flywheels" that I am keeping in motion. Things like a random trip to Venice with Martin feel a bit distracting rather than invigorating.

### [[GMD]]
We had a discussion about the kids and kind of a debrief about the potty training plan going forward which had the possibility of becoming contentious but I think that we both worked successfully to avoid that. I, perhaps naturally, feel like I did the bulk of that work but in the end who cares.

### [[IMD]]
Again, failed to do any reading tonight. Completely forgot.

### [[NK]]
Amos is getting better at signing things which is nice. Rilka's vocabulary is rapidly expanding but her pronunciation isn't really keeping pace. 

### [[RT]]
Random thought

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
