### [[DW]]
Made quite a bit of progress on the read throughs. Need to keep working on those on a regular basis. Really get to 0 each weekend.

### [[DJ]]
Sitting in my office with no shirt on. Hot day. Not very pleasant doing the bike ride on the trainer. Also was talking to the real estate guy while trying to do so. Basically he was like forget it. No one will rent to you if you tell them ahead of time you will try to sublet. Fucking assholes. I get it, but still.

Made the mustard chicken for dinner. It was okay, but not as good as the original time since I don't really remember the recipe. Should look it back up.

Kids were melting down by the time they were going to bed.

### [[CI]]
Really keep the schedule on the wall with the volume on. And have the list on the whiteboard for each day. Something fun about erasing things...

### [[GMD]]
Enjoyed watching the SSG presentation - pretty neat what they are doing. And funny that Donna conveyed my feedback to the team.

### [[IMD]]
How to tell Donna that she should exercise more that is gentle but motivating for her?

### [[NK]]
Amos has independently just gotten up and walked more often in the past week. Funny that he now seems a bit shy about slides and Rilka is not. I think that he needs to develop some more confidence by getting good at walking. Funny how amos likes to get on the little trike behind her. She more or less tolerates it for a bit. They were playing out on the patio/balcony tonight - having taken the trike out there, which was nice.  

### [[RT]]
Is the Montreal pool actually going to be open this weekend?

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
