### [[DW]]
Had a productive meeting with cendri. Got the application off/

### [[DJ]]
woke up at 7 worked but not super effectively on getting ready for meeting with cendri. kids were sick but donna kept them out until lunch. Did a ride on the balcony while tallkign to fred on the phone. Pretty fun call. I appreciate the way he thinks. then on kid duty for the afternoon. then a bit of a logistics evening. but booked tickets back from france.

### [[CI]]
spend a lot of dilly dallying time. Need to cut down on that. i tolerate it as it is obstensible planning time but not a very efficient version of that. marginal improvements not worth the time cost generally.

### [[GMD]]
had an argument about going to nova scotia. I think i did a decent job of keeping my cool

### [[IMD]]
get so annoyed when Donna starts kind of positioning herself as the person who is "sticking up for" my mom. This is my family. Butt out. But I know it can't be exactly like that.

### [[NK]]
Amos had such a hard time sharing his bike tonight when we were out for a walk. I kind of get it as he is the one who brought the bike with him. But he did give the bike up (and then cried a lot). 

### [[RT]]
What is all of the short nights of sleep doing to me? Anything significant?

### [[Gratitude]]
I appreciate the fact that I am still doing "okay" despite the lack of sleep...

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
