### [[DW]]
I think that I am in the process of doing a decent reset.

### [[DJ]]
Dawdled away the day.
Started day with minutiae call trying to finally deploy the zip file thing. Sebastian was half an hour late for the call.
Got the kids vaccinated this morning. They cried as soon as they saw the office. Memory I guess? They didn't cry all that much after actually getting the needle.

Then dropped them off and came home. Then left almost right away to go to the ultrasound with Donna. Pretty dingy office but I liked the scanning nurse. Matter of fact. Looks like we may have had twins and one is currently being reabsorbed? Kind of sad. Haven't thought about it much though...Then left again around 4 to go see a place for Catherine. 

### [[CI]]
I think that I should just really get on top of things so that I don't have to stay up to feel like I am on top of things by the end of the day.

### [[GMD]]
It's been fun watching His Dark Materials with Donna.

### [[IMD]]
Should have been a bit more supportive during the scan. I was tired and a bit grumpy and I wasn't that into it yet she totally was, so I should let her have that, and appreciate her excitement. We're just different.

### [[NK]]
Amos climbed the big ladder to the slide today on his own which was pretty neat. He seemed a little nervous going down the slide but then went for it. Rilka is really getting more confident physically. At one point I found her doing something a bit dangerous (going from lilly pad to lilly pad) and she totally managed it on her own.

### [[RT]]
How much does Ana Duque actually make/clear?

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58b