### [[DW]]
Did a good job of writing quite a bit today, and got quite into it.

### [[DJ]]
Got up after only sleeping a few hours last night. Had a bit of an unproductive indulge day (i.e. up late watching a Netflix show about formula 1 drivers...why?) and then couldn't sleep so stayed up doing some of the writing I meant to do during the day on my thesis proposal. I have continued on that today. And while not setting the world aflame, I think that I have made some decent progress. About to send it over to Cendri and then deal with giving my RAs some sort of task to do for the week...or the day and a half until our meeting. Whoops.

### [[CI]]
I feel bad about the TA things. I feel that this is what I have complained about with Cendri. Though perhaps a bit different as I am generally most annoyed when I am asking her questions with no response and I am not doing that.

### [[GMD]]
Had a funny moment when Donna came by to show me what she thought might be a chipped tooth. I couldn't really see anything but she seemed pretty keen on my having a look. A bit weird taking such a close peek into someone else's mouth.

### [[IMD]]
This was from the weekend but I overreacted a bit when I found out that she had eaten (said the kids had but I suspect she was involved) the extra pasta I had made at lunchtime for our dinner...

### [[NK]]
Amos seemed really fussy today. Not sure what is going on. He seems needier than usual. Not clear how best to respond to that. Perhaps he needs to get better at dealing with his own feelings? But when he is tired hungry? Rilka is REALLY getting loud. Loves to scream and yell and make herself heard.

### [[RT]]
Curious what Francis' girlfriend is like.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
