### [[DW]]
Started writing this as soon as the alarm went off. I think that if May is going to be the month I want it to be I need to really eliminate the time slippage. Do what you can in the time you have allotted. 

### [[DJ]]
Woke up with just my watch on - the phone spent the night "on the couch" (i.e. on the table). Got up and got the kids ready pretty quickly. But then got slowed down because Manoj did an extended bathroom session. It doesn't happen often and generally I think a second bathroom in a sub 1000 sq. ft apt is a waste of space but occasionally I do see the value of a second bathroom. It smelled pretty badly afterwards too...

Dropped kids off and walked back getting home before 8:30. Worked pretty steadily all day. Felt a few major waves of fatigue and had a couple of digressions (into looking into microwave installation in the kitchen for example) but overall made organizational progress.

### [[CI]]
Just to keep on top of Notion. Need to both build and prune. Keep it clear and cohesive. Know where things are. Revisit workflows.

### [[GMD]]
Was pretty pumped when we found out about daycare today in Toronto. Just a really nice unknown to check off the list.

### [[IMD]]
I probably could stand to be a bit more generous at this time. A little wrapped up in my own world.

### [[NK]]
Rilka loves swinging. Amos has done a couple of independent walks recently. He looks really wobbly. Not like Rilka did when she started walking. I'm curious if the high top shoes will provide meaningful support in his walking quest. I hope so. Was pretty funny when they were both playing in the cargo bike on Sunday - bopping each other on their helmets and then playing a "game" where Amos would pull Rilka's hand out of her mouth as she sucked her thumb. Surprisingly she seemed to also find this amusing.

### [[RT]]
If I actually DO stick to my schedule going forward for the rest of this month, how much can I really get done??

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
