### [[DW]]
Got to the end of the to do list.

### [[DJ]]
Nice day in Montreal. Went to park with kids. Amos throwing sand in the air. There were a couple of girls, maybe early 20s, cute, sitting on one of the kid bouncy toys and just watching Rilka so hard and going crazy over how cute she was. When they were walking away one of the girls said to the other "I want one!"

### [[CI]]
Need to get to bed sooner.

### [[GMD]]
I liked how Donna came to see me before her big meeting that she was clearly a bit excited for.

### [[IMD]]
I realllly need to do better about engaging with Donna when she stops by my room. It's polite. It will make it more enjoyable for both of us.

### [[NK]]
Rilka had kind of an amazing moment at the park today when she put her bottle down and then Amos came over and grabbed it, and the cap which she had been having fun putting on and off. I took it away from Amos and gave it back to Rilka (she seemed on the verge of tears). Amos didn't get too upset and then Rilka returned having gotten Amos' bottle from the stroller and held it out to him. I was impressed.

### [[RT]]
What are Amos' feet and penis going to look like at age 5? 15?

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)


# aidan
meaningfulness of effort - enjoyment of effort?

cycling...

cognitive vs. physical effort...how they combine

meaningful effort has to be aligned with values?

boredom proneness?

effort as means to end - meaningful as it lets you support family?

- care about the means itself?
- cutting the lawn 










