### [[DW]]
I did a good job of pushing myself on my workout today. Also good prepping the kids bottles and having a park day on this last really nice day for a while.

### [[DJ]]
Had a bad dream in which it felt like both Amos and Rilka had somehow died. Was trying to imagine in my mind starting over with new kids. Looked at my watch. Was 6:44am. So alarm was one minute away. Got up at 7. Some twitter. Breakfast. The usual Crispix + berries.

Fairly productive day but short. Had a meeting with Azadeh re: NLP. What is she doing?? Has she published a single paper since joining the lab? Seems like Cendri needs to set out clearer expectations.

### [[CI]]
Should have taken a nap instead of amusing myself.

### [[GMD]]
Did a decent job of turning an argument about deaths in eventing vs. F1 into a "joke". Defused things a bit.

### [[IMD]]
I think that I could have done a better job asking about her day and how she is thinking about things right now...

### [[NK]]
Was fun having them at the park on a nice day. Rilka was so independent going around and talking to herself and trying things out. And then having these weird moments where she would kind of start crying. Couldn't tell if it was overstimulation or fatigue? Amos was pretty content to do his own thing. Banging the sand with his boots and then putting the sand through his hands and breaking someone's sand castle. 

### [[RT]]
Does Cendri believe in my project? Am I out to lunch? It seems so obvious to me that this is a good worthwhile idea.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)

