### [[DW]]
Did a decent job of sticking to the schedule

### [[DJ]]
Took kids to daycare wasn't raining but was still annoyingly wet. It is beautiful in many ways here but wow do you pay a price for that. Was late leaving. Always get a bit confused when it feels like I am being pretty efficient in the morning yet don't get out until 8 (or even a bit later today). Missed so much journaling. 

### [[CI]]
I let too many things slide when I get busy. I think I would be better off just maintaining a base. Keeping the flywheels going. I can still work hard. Just carve out 30-60 minutes. I guess that is a challenge when really up against it but that in itself should be avoided.

### [[GMD]]
We have generally been a bit more connected after the weekend at Whistler. I can feel it both in myself and in Donna that we are making a bit more of an effort. Feels a bit weird just because we haven't been for a while, but it is nice.

### [[IMD]]
Similar to letting the journaling and other stuff go I let connecting with Donna go. Of course technically it should be on her too but I think that it is fair to also recognize people's personalities and state/frame of mind and act accordingly.

### [[NK]]
So many things have happened. This is my biggest regret in terms of the journal gap. A few highlights.
- A video of Amos at daycare today just dancing away at salsa, and even moving his feet kind of appropriately.
- A following video in which Rilka was running around and Amos was just laying on the floor looking at a truck as he rolled it back and forth.
- Rilka figuring out how to hold the door on the elevator and doing it
- Rilka talking to the people in the seat behind us on the bus on the way home from Whistler
- So many "mine" and "my turn's" from Rilka
- Rilka's love of putting "doudou" in her backpack
- The sad look on Amos' face when he has to say goodbye to his doudou in the mornings at daycare dropoff - but willingness to go through with it
- Amos' love of airplanes and his running around the kitchen island in circles with his arms outstretched 
- Amos' incredible love of milk. We still have to see how much he would actually drink if left to his own devices...??

### [[RT]]
Have been wondering a bit about how Amos feels about being "less capable" than his sister at apparently everything? Does it make him not want to try? How can we help him avoid feeling bad about it??

---
- [x] Journal
- [x] Typing practice
- [x] Stretch
- [x] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [x] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
