### [[DW]]
Engaged decently with Greg's presentation. Did a decent job of the lab meeting.

Am about to finish the REB.

### [[DJ]]
I feel myself slipping a bit. I felt so tired at 10am this morning while attending Mickey's lab meeting. I took a brief nap but could have gone for much more time. And I think that it is impacting my productivity.

### [[CI]]
Should I have a "goof off" account that I can draw from and that I give an allowance to each week? Need to get back "on schedule".

### [[GMD]]
Had a nice midday tryst - I kind of like how we have centered having sex around trying to get pregnant. 

### [[IMD]]
I find myself getting annoyed with Donna when I hear the kids crying a lot even though I kind of am okay with letting them cry if there is nothing really wrong...though now it feels mixed since it is no longer crying related to sleep training...

### [[NK]]
Amos and I were rolling soda cans back and forth to each other in the kitchen before he went to bed tonight. He got quite excited to the point where he tried to stand up and also did a bunch of break dancing spins. It was pretty sweet. Rilka, when putting her to bed, pointed at the shelf where a book was and said "Da" which is a combination of "there", "I want that", and "move me to a position where I can get that".

### [[RT]]
How much thought is Donna actually putting into her thesis? Is Vancouver going to be a good idea? Seems like we are on that path. I am okay with it if not excited about it...

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
