### [[DW]]
Was reasonably patient given level of fatigue.

### [[DJ]]
Catherine's last day here. Mainly hung out - decorated the tree, went for a forest walk, Catherine washed her sheets. Opened presents. Noticed that mom went for the brandy which I had kind of hidden away on an upper shelf. Makes me worry a bit about her. But should I? Is this some sort of Victorian prudishness? Just a bias against self-discipline? I feel the same when Donna keep scarfing down food. Not a very generous reading of the text, so to speak.

### [[CI]]
Be a bit more present for this new kid.

### [[GMD]]
Was nice looking at the photos from the past week with the kids and Theo with Donna.

### [[IMD]]
I am not really trying to create our own "time" which I think I should.

### [[NK]]
Rilka has just started to understand the concept of "people" and she was working with that concept tonight. Asking "Nana people?", we would answer "Yes." Then, "Dada people?", "Yes". "Eenya (Amos) people?", "Yes" - and so on. I love seeing those moments where a new concept is formed in their brains. Also Amos, on his own, put on his boots tonight. Which is definitely a step for him.

### [[RT]]
It is becoming clear that both Catherine and Matthew could have no kids. Seems like such a waste in some ways. I really believe we have some unique and special genes which should carry on...

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that Catherine came to visit. I am grateful that Roger has been so helpful in allowing Donna and I to progress in our relationship.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
