### [[DW]]
Started cleaning up my desk area. Did a pretty good job of staying on task. The schedule is a real help.

### [[DJ]]
Had a doctor's appointment today. On the way to the appointment I got annoyed with the front desk lady who asked how old the kids were and when she found out they were over two lightly scolded that they should have masks. I said that they wouldn't keep them on and she said it was never too early to start. Drove me a bit crazy. The resident for the appointment was much better with kids than the doctor. She was very skinny. The doctor said that she did see some signs of autism with Amos - though the resident had said she didn't. Not sure if they are trying to make me feel better by saying that they don't see signs? Worked pretty steadily through the rest of the day. Took a nap. Made dinner. Still need to go buy applesauce for their lunches.

### [[CI]]
Need to figure out the shopping thing. Pick a day. Get enough for the week. Too many mini-shops. Also need to make some better/more interesting dinners.

### [[GMD]]
As a general rule kind of fun having dinner together with the kids. Even though tbh also kind of makes the dinner experience worse.

### [[IMD]]
Have stopped reading evenings with Donna. Should start up again tomorrow.

### [[NK]]
Amos was loving pulling my carry on suitcase around this morning. But would lose his mind when it got stuck going around corners. Rilka seems to understand the concept of "two" now. When I put on two backpacks she would say "two ba-pa", and then tonight when I put on a second mask she said "two mah", which makes it seem like she gets the concept of "two". Which is neat.

### [[RT]]
Wish I could look into Amos' brain/psyche to understand how he is feeling. The emotions ramp up so quickly. And does he feel something about being "behind" Rilka? Sometimes feels much harder to get him to pay attention than Rilka...

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
