### [[DJ]]
Since last writing had a grumbly morning from Theo - then the minutiae call at 8. Was nice to finally work through that and was fast in the end. Didn't do any schoolwork. Did biking and nap. And theo. And that kind of killed the day.

### [[DW]]
Doing a good job of keeping up in this journal.

### [[CI]]
Need to go to bed earlier to obviate the need for a nap. Moving in that direction but need more movement. 7:30pm would be great. Could get 7 hours by 2:30 and then another 1 hour nap.

### [[GMD]]
I am enjoying watching the netflix movie the lost daughter with Donna.

### [[IMD]]
I find it really annoying when Donna affects concern for the kids in situations that seem obviously FINE to me, for example today when I am out on the bike and it is 9 degrees out and Theo is in the bassinet in a onesie, a sleep sack, and the winter bunting Catherine gave him and Donna gives a disapproving look and says that she worries he will be cold. I guess the worry could be real - but it is clearly (at least to me) not based on logic.

### [[NK]]
Amos' love for milk has gone WAY down since the nipple style bottle has been removed from his life. He almost drank none of his bottle last night and was VERY into eating a lot of food. I guess that is good? Just a bit surprising. He also knocked over the box of Cheerios and spilled it all over the floor. I got upset and he started to cry - which made me think about how to react to these things going forward. The approach to take where there is some sort of "respect" for boundaries but also not a fear of messing up. A really fine line. 

### [[RT]]
What is up with Sebastian these days? How is it possible that someone who is so computer/tech savvy can seem to ALWAYS have issues with something like a video call? Baffling.

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that for my age and how I treat my body I am in as good shape as I am.

### [[Prompt | Kindness]]
I am doing a pretty good job of keeping the prompt in mind...in some ways it feels like it is often tempering my responses more than leading to any proactive measures. Should perhaps aim a bit more at that?

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
