### [[DJ]]
It's been a while since I wrote in here.
Sunday in Vancouver.
Slept in a bit (8.30)
Raining in the morning.
Laid in bed for a while.
Kids left for the barn with Donna.
Fixed (I think? Maybe cracked? Hopefully not...Couldn't really be sure if I was using Kyle Bruce's (borrowed) torque wrench. Just didn't seem to be disengaging correctly..which was concerning...so just ended up using my lo-fi one in the end)
Made a peanut butter and banana sandwich and jogged over.
Donna was hanging with other parents when I arrived.
Was fairly chaotic after taking over. Amos (and then joined by Rilka) were kind of playing with a couple of boys a few year older who were pretending to be monkeys.
Then did a ride, and met up with Donna + kids for an afternoon together.
Only thing was that by the time we got out I had about 30 minutes before I was going to have to go back home to make dinner.
Was tired and grumpy all day.

### [[DW]]
I always think I am doing well to re-start these diaries. 

### [[CI]]
Sleep and drinking. Come up with rules. Go to bed after this. No more than one beer any day but Friday or Saturday.

### [[GMD]]
Had a decent future planning session with donna last night.

### [[IMD]]
I am too short and impatient.

### [[NK]]
Amos kind of said Bag yesterday when working with him on speaking.

### [[RT]]
Need to follow up on the future planning. I feel like the extra bandwidth is not only small but reinforcing in the sense that not doing stuff makes it easier not to do stuff again. And there isn't a lot of free time to think about it.

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that I have had this time as a student.

### [[Prompt|Courage]]
I don't think that courage has to be a big thing. It can take courage, in a sense, to do things that are just kind of unpleasant. To say hi and risk not getting the response you would hope for. So along with tiny habits I would like to propose small courage(s). 


---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
