### [[DJ]]
Saturday morning Donna had Andrea on duty from 8am but the kids didn't leave the house with Andrea until 9am and in the meantime it was comically chaotic with Donna breaking a glass and Andrea breaking a water bottle and kids crying and yelling (what felt like) almost constantly. Then got some work done for data viz on property tax research for Vancouver and tried to take a nap with moderate success. Data viz meeting was nice - focussed on Jeff's Ironman presentation and then talked through Eva's work. Then an afternoon with the kids which involved going to Denny's (Donna's idea) for a dinner and then going back home. I would give it a C in terms of overall fun. Kids were a bit of a hassle and not really into eating anything (Rilka in particular). Did an evening bike ride on the balcony all the while frightened that I was going to get yelled at by the downstairs neighbor (it was rainy all day).

### [[DW]]
Did a decent job prepping for data viz and had a pretty good ride.

### [[CI]]
Was a bit unenthusiastic about the Denny's plan. Need to either be enthusiastic or come up with a better plan.

### [[GMD]]
It seemed like we were both enjoying Rilka's antics at the restaurant when she pressed her face up agains the plexiglass separating the booths and started making faces at the kids in the next booth.

### [[IMD]]
Need to be more skillful in communicating frustration points without making it seem like a character flaw on her part.

### [[NK]]
I really appreciate how well Theo is learning to crawl. He just took off from the living room and is now already over by the front door watching the kids and Donna prep to leave.

### [[RT]]
Is Andrea in a financially precarious position? What motivates her to do the childcare with us?

### [[Prompt|Excitement/Joy]]


---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
