### [[DJ]]
Moved to St. Jeannet today. I was really full on all day. Felt pretty stressed but also very on the ball/productive. Picked up mom from the airport. Her phone seemed dead so lucky that we met her. I wanted it to be a big to-do but she was already through customs and had her bag...so somewhat anti-climactic. Then we went to the beach but it was a bit of an odyssey to get there. The beach I had planned on was getting "renovated"? so then we went to another that was actually pretty good but it was very windy. Also there was a guy who had a little track for a kids "roller coaster" and amos so badly wanted to go on it and when i took him over the guy was doing his last ride and said no to amos. What a dick. But also understandable. Then home. Crazy parking. Fucking stressful. basement laundry and hanging out on the line. Amos and Rilka beyond tired. And now finally bed.

### [[DW]]
Did a good job of trying to make a nice event of my moms arrival.

### [[CI]]
Still need to work on being calm and patient.

### [[GMD]]
Talking about getting a scooter so she could go to practice.

### [[IMD]]
When we arrived and i was in get things organized mode and she wanted connection...could be better at that...

### [[NK]]
Amos making jokes all the time. Tonight putting his spoon in his mouth backwards and forwards...and looking at me. And then going back and forth. Rilka so excited by the new place and running up and down the stairs moving shoes and helmets.

### [[RT]]
How will this month go? Will it be hard to match Provence since it is no longer as novel? Why do I feel like it is a competition?

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that my mom is willing and able to come out here.

### [[Prompt|Creativity]]
The pick up with my mom. Coming to this place in the first place. Coming to France...


---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)

general developer agreement
collaborator agreement - signatory from University of Toronto - vp or dean of research (who signs off on grants)

development entitlement (ad hoc distribution)
not access to testflight or app store
to kick tires on API, get REB approval
come back with approval from REB and then go to…
distribution entitlement

See if universtiy of toronto as a developer account
Become a developer
Sign the addendum
