### [[DJ]]
Just got back from our camping trip yesterday afternoon. I was worried that we had damaged the car (there was something weird going on where there was an uneven transition on one side where the trunk met the car body and the seatbelt for one of the kids had a frayed spot) but apparently all good. Camping trip as decent. I gave it a C. Most of it could have been spent next door to where we live since the majority of time was either at our campsite or at the playground. Did do a couple walks but Donna forgot to bring the baby bjorn (she was on Theo packing duty) so I ended up tweaking my back a bit after some long walks carrying Theo.

### [[DW]]
Got organized pretty quickly upon the return from the trip in terms of laundry and biking and unpacking.

### [[CI]]
Get to bed faster after shutting down work.

### [[GMD]]
I like that we are both excited about the Bengio possibility. I really hope that it works out.

### [[IMD]]
When discussing future ideas I need to give her more space and listen more

### [[NK]]
Have been having discipline problems with Rilka. Can be very defiant. Yesterday while in the back seat I turned around and saw she had taken Theo's soother. I told her to give it back and she moved her arm away out of my reach and just looked at me. I rose my voice through anger levels 2 and 3 and then just jumped to 10 and grabbed it which led to tears. Not sure how best to act in those circumstances. The idea is to do a bit of an "electric fence" experience. But perhaps that is not possible when the fence is also your dad and not some inanimate object...

### [[RT]]
Curious what the deal is with the guy who rented us the Tesla - how much does he make on this? Is it his sole business (owning 5 Telsas)? He told Donna he was putting in an order for 100 more?! Did he mean cars? Stock? Should I go long Tesla stock?

### [[Gratitude]]
I'm grateful that meeting Sam in Toronto led to having a group to ride with in Vancouver - even if I also think that it could be nice to ride with some other groups as well...

### Joy/Enthusiasm
I want to really enjoy my ride on Saturday pre-fondo. Enjoy the weather. Have fun with the kids. Get excited about "stuff" but for real reasons...

- feels connected to gratitude and being present
- looking ahead vs present moment joys/enthusiasms (balancing that)
	- feeling joy about a future event can be useful in terms of planning and enjoying hard work in the moment...toward a goal...

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
