### [[DJ]]
Theo woke up at 6. Just seems not to be as good a sleeper as Amos and Rilka were but maybe it is the fact we are less rigorous with the schedule.
Gabby came to look after kids. Walked to the barn in the rain with her then walked home with a stop at the grocery store. Looked after the kids in the afternoon. 
Not a lot of work done. But started.

### [[DW]]
Started scheduling stuff for school. Getting the flywheel oiled up.

### [[CI]]
Too much random youtube time. Not enough Donna connection time.

### [[GMD]]
Nothing really notable which is a problem. I liked that she went for a run again...

### [[IMD]]
When we were discussing the private SLP and I just wanted to know the cost and she seemed annoyed to figure it out and I was then annoyed to be engaged in this...could have addressed that one a bit more smoothly

### [[NK]]
Rilka still has multiple words for diaper.  A version of "batcha", "couche" and "diaper". Almost never says Eenya anymore which is kind of sad. And is no longer pronouncing Twinkle Twinkle as Klinkle Klinkle. Also sad. She has been very excited about being reunited with her backpack which is clearly too big for her and which she packs with diapers and toys and often her doudou. She also today was pulling around the xylophone on wheels - both indoors and out - calling it her dog. Amos is really into the tree still and the elevator in the trunk. He is still thinking about the car that he threw off the balcony and is now using a new sign for "I hear" where he points to both of his ears. I like that he is inventing signs now...

### [[RT]]
The grocery stores here suck. So much prefer the France version. Like the convenience stores in Japan - just have food you actually want to eat.

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that my bike made it back safe and sound and that the CUPE payment was more than expected.

### [[Prompt| Patience]]
I am definitely thinking about it quite a bit this week. Usually retroactively...need to be more proactive.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
