### [[DJ]]
Watched the Vuelta stage 6 this morning and saw Remco have a pretty amazing ride dropping Primoz et al. Surprised Mas was able to stick with him. Had a call with Roger where we discussed my frustration with Donna's general tidiness and my tone when reacting to this frustration...Had German Markus that I met on the Seymour hill climb and his girlfriend Tara over for dinner which was nice. Definitely not someone that I feel like I want to spend lots of time with but nice enough and doing some interesting stuff in life.

### [[DW]]
Am making decent progress on the Battery analysis. Lot's more to do but off to a good start.

### [[CI]]
I can just let myself become disengaged sometimes - even in the call with Roger I could feel myself getting annoyed about being asked to make eye contact and be present... 

### [[GMD]]
Had a pretty good call with Roger - felt like we made some good connection...

### [[IMD]]
More eye contact when talking with Donna.

### [[NK]]
Rilka the other day said "I want you to yell at me because I want to cry". Really struck me off guard. Funny that now we are reaching a point where she can surprise me with her ideas. And just so hard to know what kind of ideas Amos is having.

### [[RT]]
What would it be like if I trained 20-23 hours/week like Markus is doing? Would I get crazy fit?

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that Donna is taking a pretty positive attitude about potentially changing out of her postdoc...even if it doesn't end up happening.

### Preparedness
Haven't been thinking about this a lot.
How to differentiate preparedness and planning.
How to evaluate preparedness.


---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
