### [[DJ]]
So these are actually happening early morning now since I am on the 2ish am shift for Theo. My typing has suddenly become really bad. not sure what is going on. partly i think keybr changed their algorithm. But also I think that my coordination is shot due to sleep. 

### [[DW]]
Doing well right now with a productive morning.

### [[CI]]
Dawdled away a bunch of time yesterday doing things like looking at property in France. Not a bad use of time but need to schedule it in or else it takes away from the time I should be doing other things.

### [[GMD]]
I tried to be understanding with Donna when she said she was going to be late and not "I told you so" when she semi-complained about how long clean up was taking with Jordan at daycare.

### [[IMD]]
We didn't watch a video tonight and I didn't really make a connection effort. Instead staying up on my computer looking at properties. Need to spend time with her.

### [[NK]]
Funny how as soon as Amos gets home he bee-lines for the high chair to eat dinner. He is eating a LOT these days. Again ate a lot of RIlka's food. And he finishes his lunches completely where Rilka's are almost completely full. 

### [[RT]]
How hard am I working compared to others? Or others in my situation - if they were in my situation?

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that the UK/France border opened and that we will hopefully be able to get to France without major issue (knock on wood).

### [[Prompt | Kindness]]
I am finding that the kindness prompt is overlapping with the patience prompt in some ways as often the way to be kind is to be patient...

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
