### [[DJ]]
I have been have a lot of days that feel a bit like sand slipping through my fingers. This was one of those. kids to daycare and back. 

### [[DW]]
Had a good call with Alex.

### [[CI]]
Too much time on logistics. Perhaps just say lets be secure and go to France directly. Pay the extra 1200 and be done with it. But I am torn and it is because of money.

### [[GMD]]
Not so much a good moment as just noticing that sometimes in situation where I think I would have lost my patience previously I am at least maintaining my cool if not succeeding and striking a conciliatory tone.

### [[IMD]]
I need to have more fun with Donna. Hard right now. But perhaps always hard if we don't make time. Maybe we go out for a drink one night before leaving Vancouver? Hire the babysitter...

### [[NK]]
In the uber ride this morning after leaving Rilka started asking about the backpack and it turned out I had actually left them behind. One of the first instances I have noticed of the kids actually being helpful on a logistics level. The other day we were just talking about whether Rilka wanted to wear her moccasins and that there was only one we could find and amos grunted and held up a moccasin that he had apparently noticed next to him. I didn't realize he was listening to the conversation or even aware of the word moccasin.

### [[RT]]
Is too much pressure being put on the France time? Too many expectations? Need to think about that...

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that I have friends like Alex that I can talk to about thoughtful things and be open with.

### [[Values | Creativity]]
This is the first day of creativity. I think that I need to exert less energy in the production of creative logistical solutions and more to actually just living creatively.


---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
