### [[DJ]]
On my way to Gatwick on the Thameslink. Had two nights in London sleeping on a couch in an airbnb with no heating under a duvet cover and a mattress protector. I was tired enough that it made no difference. I am so tired my vision seems to be going off. A bit worried about what long term effects I may be locking in with my lack of sleep.

### [[DW]]
Overall it was really great that I came to London.

### [[CI]]
I think that I need to do a bit more follow through. Dad trip to France. Sheilah coming to stay in France.

### [[GMD]]
Good moment with Donna

### [[IMD]]
Improvable moment with Donna

### [[NK]]
Neat kids

### [[RT]]
Reading a bit about the EA conference and how few people were drinking. Also thinking about how anti-drinking Tyler Cowen is. Definitely noticed how mom and I stayed up late last night almost trying to wait each other out so that we could get to that half-finished flat bottle of cider. And how I was so surprised that Catherine didn't completely finish her mug of wine. I am definitely addicted at this point. I should read something about this and also approaches to consider. It seems to be tied to evening and stress and tying it closely to relaxation and leisure. I have bundled in the exact wrong way where I put all the unhealthy pleasurable things together.

Also I liked the attitude of the people in London. Seems somehow relaxed and open, with a sense of humor. 

### [[Gratitude]]

### Prompt | Courage
**Courage Moments**
- cell phone charger for lady who was talking about it
- going over and talking to Sheilah while in costume...and wearing the costume all night...had a moment when I was talking myself into just taking it off and sitting down
- telling dave that what sarah was doing wasn't fair
- sitting on the Montreal to Vancouver flight and not saying anything just trying to silently protest...

**General Thoughts**
- Motivation behind acts of courage this is where it gets dicey...
	- is this courage or just responding to anger. Sometimes we do things that we wouldn't do normally just because we are responding to emotions...
	- is courage only really possible in a calm emotional state?
		- Kind of like proclaiming love while inebriated...less fear/restraint to overcome
		- Sometimes this actually goes well...better than silence?  👇
	- David sedaris talking about no one in is family being willing to confront their mother about her drinking problem...
	- But other cases in which there can be mixed motives...
		- Trivial example is David getting $5000 extra taxpayer dollars to fly business class to France for a 1 day conference and a number of interviews...
		- We kind of teased him about it but didn't really say don't you think this is unethical?
	- What do you think of people that are "famously" blunt?
- Two opposite things can both require courage
	- Travel and explore AND stay in one place and settle
- In some ways courage is about finding those things that are hard for you to do and trying to do them - or at least not avoid doing them out of discomfort, fear or laziness

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
