### [[DJ]]
Easter Sunday. Morning at a park in the Marais. Had a pregnant rich mom tell me that I was "and amazing dad" because I was there with the three kids and her husband wouldn't even go to the park with their current two kids. Definitely a rich parents' park. Fun walking through the Marais and recognizing some places from last time. 

### [[DW]]
Restarted doing this.

### [[CI]]
Don't do a big bike ride and drink a bunch and then not sleep enough when sick. So dumb.

### [[GMD]]
I think there is a general higher baseline between us these days - I think it is the afterglow of having my mom here and Donna not being so stuck with me all the time and also her enjoyment of her ML course.

### [[IMD]]
I lost my temper with Donna again last night for being so negative. Need to find a better way to deal with this frustrated feeling.

### [[NK]]
Rilka really treating Doudou like her kid. And wants to hold Theo. Very strong parenting instincts. Amos gets a bit of that sometimes too - like when we went to Johannas and there were two plastic babies and he and Rilka walked around with one each basically all night.

### [[RT]]
Sad to be leaving in just over 2 weeks. Very tempting to stay on for May...but in the meantime need to think more about September...

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that Martin got me the pass to Venice and was accepting of Joe joining us...

### [[Prompt]] | Preparedness
Get ready for Venice with hotels to crash for exercise/pool and restaurants/pizza places


---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
