### [[DJ]]
School stuff. Meeting with John Hashimoto. Meeting with Cendri. Kids but they seemed a bit tired. Went biking with me while I ran errands. Then a short park session. Had a kid who knocked amos over by pushing the merry go round really fast. Not sure how to react to that so just talked about what an ass the kid was to Amos out loud (in English). 

### [[DW]]
Have been pretty productive this week.

### [[CI]]
Feeling like the plate is a bit too full. Need better sleep hygiene. But have to work tomorrow on my poster for the conference...

### [[GMD]]
She made a complaint about the shower which I guess must have been me but I find it super confusing as I didn't shower since early in the afternoon. But she was clearly trying to be "gentle" about it.

### [[IMD]]
While attempting to be gentle about it I kind of shut it down because I had agreed to her request and she went on explaining the reasoning...I need to also be a bit better about engaging still when it feels like I am being interrupted. I can feel myself making an effort but still coming up pretty short.

### [[NK]]
I liked how Rilka decided she would sing a song while I was talking to my dad tonight. And then when I tried to sing along she basically told me to pipe down. Also she is really into "no touching" these days. For example when I give her a pat on her helmeted head. Also funny to see how they get so easily captivated by stuff in the street when we are biking around.

### [[RT]]
Amos has a pretty good memory - sometimes pulling up signs that he has not done in weeks kind of out of the blue...

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that my dad is still mentally sharp and also willing to do this interview/life story project.

### [[Prompt|Preparation]]
I did a decent job of prepping pre John's call and pre-Cendri. Both were very short but even that little bit of prep provides a scaffolding for the call that I think is really useful. Should put a bit more time into it however.


---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
