### [[DJ]]
Finished Patricia Lockwood book. Finally took kids home from daycare in the stroller after a bunch of Lyfts as the ice/snow had melted on the path going from the skytrain to daycare. Saw some rabbits. Donna took Amos to the dentist because she was sure she saw cavities but he had no cavities. I was not surprised. Just as now I really don't think that he needs glasses.

### [[DW]]
Had a good nap.

### [[CI]]
Am dawdling away time on non-essential stuff. Finding the best flights. Looking for the best bike. Fuck the bike until you go to Toronto. Should I sell my current bike in the meantime?

### [[GMD]]
Enjoyed being told about Amos' experience at the dentist and then how she shared her time with the kids at daycare going for a walk with them and seeing Amos interacting with Mona.

### [[IMD]]
I would like some evening connection so need to figure out how to facilitate that.

### [[NK]]
I look so hard for signs in Amos that I assume Rilka is essentially a genius - but then I hear about how kids her age are talking clearly and understandably and I have to wonder. When something is progressing quickly you can forget that other things might be progressing MORE quickly. Amos reacts so strongly to my faces when I give him weird looks he just loses it. I miss having Donna put him to bed so that I can make him laugh his head off pre-bed...

### [[RT]]
I just wish we could take their "IQ" the way we take their temperature. I feel like I am spinning around on what to do to help Amos too instead of just letting it go or having a plan (e.g. an SLP who works with him). I guess the sign language is a good start.

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that I am able to have so much free time - even if it might not be used very effectively right now. My life has been FREE For years now...amazing.

### [[Values | Creativity]]
I didn't really do anything creative today though I did think about it a few times. The idea of writing my next letter to the kids as a poem. Reading Lockwood's book made me think a bit which I suppose is a slightly creative act. But I need to do more. To look at things with fresh eyes. To explore more.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)


PSYA02
Ainsley
- Jenn main person dealing with