### [[DJ]]
I'm on the night shift now - or the second half of the night shift. 3am wake up today. Days are quite fragmented right now.

### [[DW]]
Did well to remember to write this note.

### [[CI]]
Could improve my time management. Frittering too much on things like the bike, and not enough on things like minutiae. Needs to set aside timing. But hard with the shoulder time like when I am feeding Theo. Or about to go to bed. Or on the toilet.

### [[GMD]]
Good moment with Donna is hard to remember precisely but I recall a moment when we were sitting on the couch and maybe Rilka did something and we both laughed in a pretty genuine way. Looking forward to more of that.

### [[IMD]]
Improvable moment with Donna is the bedtime routine. Should say a few words to her now that she is not going to sleep right away.

### [[NK]]
Amos has had a real appetite the last days and today after finishing his quiche and indicating that he wanted more Rilka started feeding him in a very tender way. In the end giving him ALL of her quiche (at least the parts that didn't end up on the floor). Amos doesn't seem to have a great concept of chewing and swallowing before refilling. As soon as one piece was in he would be leaning toward Rilka with his mouth open like a little bird.

### [[RT]]
It's funny how I find the private speech language pathologists price so offensive (175 for 45 minutes and not offering in person options). Which, as I think of it, makes me wonder why we just don't go with someone from a different city/location who doesn't charge stupid Vancouver mark ups. The offensiveness I think comes from the fact that it is an important health service that people should have access to (definitionally since we DO have access through the health system there are just inordinate waiting periods) and this essentially either gouges private insurance companies and/or facilitates treatment just for the wealthy. It's gross. Lawyers can charge 500/hour but it is generally corporate clients that are paying that...

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that Jacob who looked over my bike was so kind and accommodating. Gave me a lot of faith in people even if it made me a bit sad for him as he seemed to be pretty tight financially...

### [[Value | Kindness]]
I caught myself thinking about this a few times today before and after experiences. It is funny how I can disconnect yelling at a driver and calling them an asshole from the portions of my life where kindness applies...


---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
