### [[DJ]]
Didn't get enough sleep. Stayed up looking at rental places in Nice just because they seemed cheap and it was fun. Worked pretty well. Perhaps a bit too much at night. But made decent progress on a couple of admin fronts. Also went to lunch with Donna which was fun. Tried to nap and failed. Had an SRI meeting. Really feels like it needs a lot more guidance from the people running the fellowship. So loose. I think we will have something fine since it is a bunch of smart people but it could be something really good theoretically.

### [[DW]]
Figured out how to do an intake form with airtable.

### [[CI]]
Need to be better about asking Dave about how he is doing. It is fun to tell him things and he is a good asker so I get lazy sometimes.

### [[GMD]]
The lunch was nice. Felt rushed compared to france but I was glad that we did it.

### [[IMD]]
I need to engage more with Donna. I got quite annoyed when she acted like it was normal for the kids to get up at 2pm. Clearly not. And then actively engaged with them at 2:45pm. How to express this in a productive way?

### [[NK]]
Amos is for all his lack of patience and quick frustration pretty sweet with Rilka - giving her things that he thinks she wants. I worry a bit that he might be a bit cowed by her dominating nature...but ignoring that it is nice to see. Rilka tried to imitate some of the words Jasmine was saying in French today which was pretty funny. Amos seems to eat so much more than Rilka I am kind of confused how she is so "sturdy"...

### [[RT]]
Feels kind of unfair that Skye, an unwanted kid, could be so developmentally precocious and talking and walking so much sooner than amos.

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that Donna organized the lunch we went to today.

### [[Prompt|Patience/Calmness]]
I thought of this at a few points throughout the day in which I realized that there was a more patient way to deal with the situation. I kind of yelled at Amos to stop whimpering. Probably not the best approach. I should change that.



---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
