### [[DJ]]
Headed out to Toronto this morning. Was to bed around 11 then up late to move to the couch to do a shift with Theo who I don't think actually woke up...but I had set my alarm for 5:50 to finish the pack. Most had been done but the pareto 20 was left which took us until almost 9am. The Ubers showed up at the exact same moment which was pretty nice and our driver really wanted to watch our bags on the curb while we brought them inside. In fact almost everyone is bending over backwards for us because of Amos and Rilka. And honestly the airport was very quiet with no lines for anything. We also made it to the lounge (where they now have to serve you the food) which was pretty great as we were able to gorge ourselves pre-flight. The women working at the lounge were VERY taken by Amos and Rilka and we had incredible service with our dirty plates being instantly bussed, and people commenting on the fact that they liked Amos' sweatshirt (the pizza/burger one). I went to take a look at the flight board about 30 minutes before scheduled departure (the gate was right next to the lounge, conveniently) and saw that not only was it already boarding but it was final call. And just then an announcement came on the loudspeaker indicating the same. We hustled over to the gate and it was actually pretty calm as we found out the flight was mostly empty and there were still two other people that we were waiting on. The flight itself was fun. Amos was by the window and was pretty captivated during take off. Though I think another year before he really gets into it. Still a bit of a conceptual stretch. On board they were both a bit squirmy, but especially Rilka. She is still awake - Amos is currently stretched out on his back next to me sleeping with his arms above his head - and has been on the go since take off. Though she just now started sucking her thumb. I'm trying to be just productive enough to keep the flywheel spinning, and am a bit surprised by what a pleasure this new laptop is. It is incredibly fast and the keyboard is a marked improvement over the previous generation. 46 minutes away from landing in Toronto.

### [[DW]]
Got the new laptop setup. Did a pretty good job packing. Also since I missed a few days I am really feeling good about what I did re: the bike situation. Still hoping there are not any issues, but otherwise I am really excited for this new machine to take shape...knock on wood that the trip to Niagara goes smoothly. Need to contact the guy as soon as we land...

### [[CI]]
Just pack earlier. Most of the stuff does not have to wait until the last minute. I think packing two days out and then setting aside two days of clothes could make sense.

### [[GMD]]
Last night we had drinks together which was kind of lame in terms of getting drunk in a scenario when there is a tight turnaround...but also it brings back memories of nice times together. Also not so nice...

### [[IMD]]
I think that I need to figure out my kid communication a bit more. And when to communicate. Right now I am feeling a bit annoyed that she didn't make Rilka lie down and take a nap. I feel like there is no way that Rilka will DECIDE to take a nap on her own. I guess the question is how much it matters? I also am aware that I can often push the parenting agenda based on what I think is reasonable...

### [[NK]]
I have to admit I am baffled by Amos. I want so badly to believe that he is okay, that he is going to be okay. But when I look at his facial expressions sometimes it seems like there is something off. Just a bit vacant, and rarely a look of alert attention when you are talking to him. Rilka on the other hand is very obviously alert to the world. Pointing out that we were on a bridge today as we drove to the airport and commenting that it was "high" and "big".

### [[RT]]
Are there things that we could have done or could do now that might materially help Amos? 

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that so far the trip seems to be going well (knock on wood), and that we are starting a mini adventure. I am grateful that we are able to do this. I am also grateful for my new computer. The battery seems amazing...

### [[Prompt | Courage]]
I think that this trip required a bit of courage. Also taking the plunge and buying the bike stuff online - especially the guy who I just transferred the money to with no clear guarantee. Which reminds me I should follow up with him.


---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
