### [[DJ]]
Got back on the "work train" a bit today. Though perhaps even a bit too much. As in the discussion with Cendri and D98 students tonight it pushes other things off the schedule when you have a tightly scheduled day. 

### [[DW]]
Worked solidly on school stuff. Need to keep that up..

### [[CI]]
Need to do a bit more planning and over-view type work.

### [[GMD]]
I feel like Donna is being very "nice" these days and tolerant of my being a bit grumpy (especially with the kids) sometimes.

### [[IMD]]
I didn't do a single thing for Valentine's day. When I saw the French guy waiting in the rain for a girl with flowers it made me kind of nostalgic for those feelings...that time period...which I never really truly had with Donna.

### [[NK]]
Rilka's vocabulary, though definitely not enunciation, is growing by leaps and bounds. Amos is eating like a champ these days. Almost even ate lettuce for the first time tonight. But eating super messily. 

### [[RT]]
I miss having unscheduled days. Seeking out things to do. Ways to occupy myself. Now there is so little time that even when I have free time I haven't laid the groundwork to do interesting things with that time.

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful for the Bill Simmon's podcast as well as This American Life. I like having these regular audio experiences in my life. Also in the case of Simmons you kind of feel like you are growing up with him as he is so open about his life besides his sports reporting.

### [[Prompt|Preparation]]
I realize right now that I should be preparing for Paris. And also perhaps preparing for the possibility of a maternelle by potty training the kids. That would be great if they got to spend month three - or even mornings of month 2 - in a french school. I did not prepare that well for my meeting tonight. Sometimes you need to stop DOING to prepare for presenting. Tricky tension.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
