### [[DJ]]
Worked a bit in the morning. Kids didn't go to park phoenix because it was too windy. Ended up having theo stay with us which was fine but not ideal. THen went for a good bikeride. Went to the ludotheque in the afternoon which was pretty great.

### [[DW]]
Had a pretty good school work day.

### [[CI]]
Go to sleep earlier.

### [[GMD]]
In the session with Roger he forced us to make some good eye contact.

### [[IMD]]
Should do more eye contact.

### [[NK]]
Amos was SO excited about the ludotheque and pretty unhappy to leave. He also got so excited on the way home when we started putting them kids on my shoulders and the other one would chase me.

### [[RT]]
Am I defensive about Amos? I mean I am aware of and don't try and hide his weaknesses but I don't think it is a slam dunk that he is "neurodivergent". Or perhaps I just don't think that word is very well defined. Rilka talking to herself while playing in the kitchen of the ludotheque about the muffins she was making and who they were for (Eenya, theo...) and their color (purple muffin) was pretty sweet.

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that cities pay for things like ludotheques. How nice.

### [[Prompt|Patience/Calmness]]
Again came up multiple times today. At some points, like when dealing with the kids, I felt like I was already being calm but then realized I could turn the dial even a bit more in the calm direction...


---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
