### [[DJ]]
Today was a "big" day. Got up after having had a few too many drinks the night before. It was a "date night" with Donna which was quite fun. We started watching season 3 of succession which was both familiar and distant enough since we had last watched to require a bit of remembering. We made plans for the morning and then I was a bit late in terms of getting them started and we left later than anticipated for the race and really JUST made the train in order to get there an hour before the start. Then there was the maze of trying to figure out how to get out of the train station with a stroller. I remember having this issue before. Still hasn't been completely solved. And on the way out google annoyingly directed us to take the longest possible route all the way up to the top of the train station. The race itself was good. A little less momentous in that there were no world records broken, but some VERY fast runners and a nice ambience. Donna also ran much faster than she expected. 24.08. And she was saying she was expecting 30 which I knew was silly but I thought 25 was very reasonable. So I think that she was pretty happy with that. Menton was a bit of a stretch in the end. Fun that we went, but Rilka wasn't able to nap and Amos had a short nap (although he was in a pretty good mood all afternoon). And I was really tired. I have not been getting enough sleep. And not catching up on sleep. Need to improve that asap.

### [[DW]]
For my level of fatigue I think I held things together decently. I also am glad I encouraged Donna into doing the race.

### [[CI]]
I am not delighted with how I act with the kids sometime. Just a bit mean. I need to nail strict without mean. Perhaps time to read the discipline book.

### [[GMD]]
I liked that she was pretty genuinely satisfied with her run. Nice to see her in a positive mood related to sport again.

### [[IMD]]
I can just be a bit abrupt/rude. I need to improve this. Badly. Maybe make a note each time I do it. And think about the context around the incident.

### [[NK]]
I like that Amos can get "laughy" with strangers and that Rilka also is fairly open to engagement. 

### [[RT]]
Watching Amos running around today I found myself trying to think back to when we were worried about his walking. And also trying to think how far he is physically behind Rilka in the walking department. Is he making up ground? Rilka's run (jogging as she calls it) is really funny. A lot of hip swinging. They both have been balancing really well on their bikes. I am glad Amos loves it so much.

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that I am able to come over to Nice with my family and Donna is supportive of this and I can afford (kind of) to live a pretty extravagant life (at least for a graduate student).

### [[Prompt|Preparation]]
I need to get ready for the meeting with the D98 students on Monday and then Cendri on Tuesday. I have really slacked off and feel bad about it. I will feel so much better with some work on that done and some sleep in the tank. Which means I should probably go to sleep directly to PREPARE for the week.



---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
