### [[DJ]]
Moderately productive day. Went to the beach with the kids. Brilliant sunny day. Went on an easy bike ride almost to Monaco along the coast. Slightly too much traffic but would be amazing early in the morning on a weekend.

### [[DW]]
Did almost exactly a 1 hour easy ride. Have set up Trainer road well on my Garmin. Getting used to using it.

### [[CI]]
Just a general note but this day of poster submission is a bit silly. Really a preparation failure. But so hard to be motivated especially after my JDSM experience.

### [[GMD]]
I did a good job of staying with Donna after getting annoyed that she was late to the beach.

### [[IMD]]
I was too dismissive when Donna arrived at the beach late - would have been good to be more generous in this situation.

### [[NK]]
Amos did some really long no footed glides on his bike and it was really fun watching the kids circle around a tree for about 10 minutes straight on their bikes. Also interesting to see Amos trying some of the things he sees Rilka do. He seems aware that his capabilities are lower. But he is definitely getting more adept at doing stairs on his own. Needs to build up his confidence AND his paying attention skills. Often his failures are not necessarily of ability but of either not paying attention or getting frustrated too quickly.

### [[RT]]
Does Rilka have a speech impediment? Is this just how kids talk? What does she think when we don't understand her? Does she think it is her or us??

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that I am getting paid to go to school right now. It is facilitating many different things.

### [[Prompt|Preparation]]
This has actually been a good one for me. I am actually pretty bad at preparation in a well measured manner which means that I am often bad at preparation. However I don't always pay for poor preparation because I am very good at problem solving...like how my strategy used to be to purposefully go to the airport late so that I would be moved to the front of lines in order that I would not miss my flight.

Chronopost
08448717166723
09 69 39 13 91

07 74 33 46 92

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
