### [[DJ]]
- Rilka and Amos stayed home with a cold
- Donna took them or their photos for greek passport
- I got a bit of work done
- Run...was pretty tired or it. Hips a bit sore. Listening to Cousin Sal talk about how his sons were crying and hugging when the oldest had to go to University. Made me think about that for our kids...and how the drop off itself was kind of annoying because they went to Target to buy a bunch of stuff. Takeaway - leave the day for just the dropoff.

### [[DW]]
Sometimes it is hard to dig back into data and re-organize it for proper analysis. Did a bit of that today.

### [[CI]]
I give myself too much of a carte blanche when scheduling gets messed up. I should make a new adapted schedule based on the disruption.

### [[GMD]]
Have been enjoying watching telemarketers with Donna and then had a discussion afterwards that was a disagreement but quite civil.

### [[IMD]]
Should try and start up reading with Donna again.

### [[NK]]
Interesting how kids lean into things and how we can basically "create" desire. The dresses thing with Rilka (and now Donna is offering to Amos). Mom sitting next to Amos/Rilka. Sleeping with the kids when they are going to bed. 

### [[RT]]
Should I be lying down with the kids when they are going to bed? Maybe I am missing out?

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that Rilka went to sleep really quickly tonight.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
