### [[DJ]]

Slept in until 7. Had a bit of a time getting to sleep.

Was up fairly late last night working on my results section and getting the formatting straightened out (mostly). 

Worked on it a bit more today and then sent it off. Still have some stuff to do. May update it tomorrow.

Then kind of took an "easy" day today after that push. Worked on fixing github issues. And researching how to sync up collaborator edits when working in RMD...not sure if I should move to Quarto?

Did a run. Felt pretty good. Even though pretty tired tbh.

Ran into Yoel after I was completing the run. Chatted briefly. Was weird because he was off the bat saying we should grab a beer if he was in town again, but he had just arrived in town so seemed like we should just do it now if we both had the desire/intention? 
### [[DW]]
Did a decent job of getting organized for the next section of thesis work.

### [[CI]]
Need to start working on methods.

### [[GMD]]
Had a decent talk about triathlon. It is nice to do an event with her.

### [[IMD]]
Have to be careful not to push to0 hard for my way. Can see it pushing her away. Smarter to kind of give in and then have her offer than to push her into it.

### [[NK]]
Today Amos got to one of the crosswalks where cars have a stop sign on Prince Arthur street about 30 seconds ahead of me on his bike. A car saw him and stopped. He saw that it was waiting for him and pointed to the driver and then waved for him to go through. But all in a way that felt very adult. And even a bit exasperated. Like, come on, hurry up and go through. The driver looked like they were laughing as they went by him.

### [[RT]]
It is so funny that I still can't decide if Amos' facial expressions and affects are something that I would interpret as a special needs kid from the outside or not. It really does seem like a weird case and hard to interpret. Does he do weird things with his face/eyes because that is his mode of communication? Or is it just a slightly off-kilter brain?

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that I got a loan from OSAP this year. Would be a bit underwater with out it. Also glad that Cendri is supporting me nominally this semester. Even if it is only a couple of thousand.

### Value: Creativity
Seems like an opportunity right now to get organized in a better way for the next stage of my thesis. Good to notice these inflection points/fresh starts as the opportunities they are.


---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
