### [[DJ]]
On the plane to Toronto. Seems like the flight is around 4 hours which seems short. In lie flat business class and managed to get a second free seat since the one in front of us was open. Theo crashed quite quickly which is nice but means he will only have a few hours of sleep.

Had a nice thanksgiving. 

We figured it had been 4.5 years since all the kids had been together. Matthew's wedding in 2019.

Which is crazy. Almost a half decade.

I don't feel like I know Rose at all.

I really appreciate Dani, though I also appreciate how it could be infuriating to live with her. Though I can kind of say the same about Sheilah though in a different way.

I got pretty annoyed/upset when they went to Santa Monica without confirming and without indicating when they were actually leaving.

Really enjoyed our time in the hotel and both Sheilah and Catherine who had been pushing hard for us NOT to stay in the hotel and to stay across the street from Matthew and Kerry mentioned how much they liked the hotel. Which was a good one except for technology with kind of slow internet and no USB ports in the rooms and no USB adapter loaners available.
### [[DW]]
I felt like I made a solid contribution to the fun of the thanksgiving dinner night, initiating the game of multiple catch that happened for quite a few minutes. Funny how I feel like I want to be involved in making the fun happen as opposed to just enjoying it. Or the concept that you are trying to instigate fun things not just to take part in the fun things but to be the instigator of fun things. I guess it is a combo status/identity phenomenon.

### [[CI]]
Should be more clear in my communication about plans and decisive when they change. Just didn't even message Despina and didn't try and make Ben or Aaron happen. Though also felt like it made sense to do that to hang out with Matt and Cat but that just turned into a mister bean marathon watch session. Kind of fun but felt low ROI for the circumstances.

### [[GMD]]
Overall I feel like we had a supportive dynamic while apart.

### [[IMD]]
How to better communicate to Donna how I think some of the choices she makes with good intentions have long lasting bad outcomes, like sleeping with the kids?

### [[NK]]
Really really nice to spend this time solo with Theo. I was able to pay so much closer attention to him and I felt like he was responding to the attention. Saying more words, and sounds, and just being a genuinely funny guy. 

Interesting how he can get into fairly sticky bad moods. Like when he woke up from his nap today at Catherine's he was in a bad mood/whiny/needy for a good hour. Then he totally flipped a switch when we went outside and was loving life.

### [[RT]]
Interesting how Catherine and Kerry are kind of reinforcing their choice/circumstances of not having kids. And boggling my mind that Catherine's narrative is one of expense for having kids. I am tempted to just tell her I will cover any expenses.

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful for our family. It is genuinely fun to all be together and it feels best when everyone is there.


Things to do upon return.

- Order from Provigo
- Nap.
- GRADING
- Replace Donna chain ring and spacer
- Plan for Data Viz
- SJDM Reimbursement - hotel payment?
- Reply to email from Guelph and Penn guys
- Tips and tricks for new iPhone
- Journaling app that combines photos?
- Schedule for week Donna is away
- Motion color lights for hallway
- Christmas present list
- Dave present for Tenure
- Plans for Xmas break (x-country ski scenario?)
- Data analysis for part 1
	- partial correlations and the other videos in that series (WATCH ON BIKE)
- Xmas present list (ASAP) and get for everyone else (NEXT WEEKEND)
	- Still need to finish dad book
	- Donna jeans?
- Hause re: calendar sprint
	- book tickets to France?
- Soccer for winter + swim plan/schedule?
- Re-try for babysitter exchange
- Re-do mile time trial

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
