### [[DJ]]
Chatting on slack with Leo right now. But should be going to bed. I think Leo has a good future ahead of him. Nice guy, and hard working and seems genuinely engaged.

Had the first meeting with Amos' two new SLPs today. Sue Menthé and Geneviève Meloni
G.M. who did schooling in Strasbourg and Grenoble :) 

Both were pretty good. 

GM told me about how English slps are basically about using pictures where French slps are more play based and I was kind of like, well, that hasn't been our experience. But overall she was good. Had Amos saying "en haut" and "en bas". I am not sure I buy the play based stuff. I think motivation is important, but I think that while play can be motivating it can also be very distracting.

The morning with Sue went quite well. We only did 25 minutes but that actually felt like a good amount of time and Amos was more attentive than usual.

Did minimal work on school stuff today. Need to have a productive day tomorrow.

Also had a call with our therapist, Lisa. It was probably our best meeting so far. She was a bit more assertive and sometimes would say what she felt we were thinking which I find a bit off-putting but I think that it was done with a light enough touch to work. She made me think about how I want to really dedicate myself toward more patience and not getting worked up/angry and how that could have such important and positive trickle down effects on the rest of my life.

Also made me think about the conversation with the doctor I heard on the recent Russ Roberts podcast where the doctor was saying how he was not being nice to other people as he was holding them to his standards and he was also not being nice to himself. I think I have a bit of the same thing. I think that I am often disappointed in myself. But I also DO want to do better. So how to manage the desire to improve and the acceptance of the efforts I am able to make.
### [[DW]]
Got up at 5:55am to get started. Set out things for tomorrow morning.

### [[CI]]
I want something special/enjoyable/indulgent to go to in the evenings now that I am not drinking. It can be healthy just needs to be really good.

### [[GMD]]
The call with Lisa was good.

### [[IMD]]
I didn't ask her about her day today.

### [[NK]]
Rilka couldn't go to sleep and was calling for me since I had picked Amos up to put him in the top bunk like a "sack of potatoes" and she wanted me to lift her up like a sack of potatoes too.

### [[RT]]
What would I think of my kids from the outside? Spoiled? Whiny? Charming?

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that we have a pretty good counsellor that can help us work on reconnecting.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
