### [[DJ]]
Amos lesson in the morning. Was a bit annoyed that Donna was late to get Amos ready so we had a shorter lesson. Also our lessons are SO boring. Am just repeating the same stuff from the blue folder over and over. It is good, but not really grabbing his attention. Need to do some work on my own.

Moderately productive day. Had a nice evening with the kids where we didn't feel super rushed and I was more patient than usual with them. 

### [[DW]]
Good bike ride today. Kind of surprised myself with a 360 for 8 minutes that didn't feel all that hard.

### [[CI]]
Need to be more on schedule. Am working through segments in the evening that are designated for something else and not always stopping when I am in the middle of something during the day. Starts to lead to slippage.

### [[GMD]]
Haven't had one of note yet.

### [[IMD]]
Lots to talk about on our next meeting with our counsellor. 
I think that part of what I have an issue with is how we are optimizing. 

When I have to clean the floor again after you have been on clean up
Or wipe down the hot plates
Or make the bed when you were the last one up
Or have to look at the array of boxes and suitcases and clothing piled up next to your side of the bed
Or realize that if the burnt out light is going to get replaced that I will have to do it myself

It frustrates me and makes me sad because it:
- takes time - and technically should have been done already in many cases
- indicates that you don't care very much about things that I have already made clear are important to me
- feels like you are willing to put effort into things that optimize your life but not mine or in some cases the families...
	- when it looked like you were going to be gone for 4 of the 5 dinners each week it felt really off. It is so much better in general for both of us to spend time with the kids and evenings are the one point in the weekday when that can happen...it felt like me asking you to do this was "ruining" you plans.
- How to proceed when it feels like the other person is trying to do to many things at the expense of family and relationship?
	- Especially because BY DOING TO MANY THINGS it now makes the family and relationship feel like they are impinging on the things you HAVE TO DO. Which are just in fact things that you chose to do. So it feels like you are choosing to not have much time for family and relationship at this point in your life
	- Example of Paris Olympics...I felt like I was trying to facilitate something that could be really special and then it felt like not only were you not supporting this effort but actively against it because it would mean up to 4 weeks off of work. 
	- What about just doing the job that you are paid for and having more time?
	- Some of this is for me too as I am in a position where I could take a job that would be demanding. Though that somehow seems a bit different than choosing to add new things on your plate.

It also is good to write this out as it feels a bit petty on the page.

### [[NK]]
Amos went into the bathroom and grabbed the medicine when I told him that Theo was sick. He is pretty good at putting things together sometimes.

### [[RT]]
If I had a really good opportunity in terms of another partner how would that feel? Is that even possible? It feels hard to imagine at this point. I feel like I have kind of disappeared in many ways into dad-hood, academia (and remote academia at that) and my relationship. A bit of a triple whammy.

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that I have such a strong constitution.

### Value: Kindness
Want to keep this in mind when doing our session with Lisa this week.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
