### [[DJ]]
On kids in the morning. Got up early and got work done.
Theo home all day after having a fever last night. 

He had the soupiest poop I have ever seen - his diaper was just full and when I leaned him back to change him it just sloshed out the back. It was intense.

Tried to be more patient with the kids today. 

Had to take Amos to Perl so along with taking care of Theo was a pretty fractured day.

Feeling very tired.

### [[DW]]
Tried to make the most of my time taking Amos to Perl and offered to both take Theo to the lesson and pick Rilka up from daycare to help Donna.

### [[CI]]
Need to be better on the evening schedule.

### [[GMD]]
Watched an episode of disenchantment which was fun. Something healthy about laughing together.

### [[IMD]]
Need to think more about how to bring up the topics I want to discuss.

### [[NK]]
Amos this morning was pointing to the fire alarm on the ceiling in the living room and then pointed at the fire extinguisher which is up on top of the cupboard by the entryway. I was mildly impressed that he made the connection. Not sure if my bar is just lower for him? Or just not used to him trying to convey more complicated concepts. Or at least successfully convey. At Perl's today he saw a fire extinguisher and got excited.

### [[RT]]
What to Amos' teachers think of him? Today when picking Rilka up Amos walked directly to a boy in the classroom who had just made a tall tower of blocks and knocked it down. He (Amos) was smiling and laughing but the other kid seemed mostly confused and a bit sad/angry. Is Amos kind of a bully??

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that I am such a good natural athlete. It brings me pleasure. I should try my best to lean into that in an intentional but moderated manner.

### Value: Kindness
I appreciate that Alex is taking the time to do this. Kindness can be fun for both parties. Setting up this project is kind to myself. 


---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
