### [[DJ]]
Got up at 5:55. Donna slept with the kids as Rilka was waking up quite a bit - probably sickness related.

I saw the girl at school yesterday getting picked up by her parents that I think got Amos and Rilka sick. I mean, I'm mostly okay with it.

Had the trip to the Greek consulate today to get the kids' passports. Was cliche Greek bureaucracy where they didn't even have the appointment and then claimed Donna hadn't made an appointment while she showed them the email where she confirmed the appointment for this date and time. Then a lady came over who was genuinely upset saying that Donna hadn't confirmed. Donna was like, well, here is the email address you can see I sent the confirmation to on this date. And the lady was just adamant that they "Never got it". It is nice that there is at least a record now that theoretically should hold people like that to account.

Also it was never clear why the kids had to be there. They never asked to see them or for them to do anything. I guess maybe just their presence was needed? Fine, but why did they need to stay for the whole 3 hour ordeal? Unclear. 

Got a decent bike ride in while watching SPRG. Cendri went over time seemed like she had not planned out her talk very well which made me a bit bummed since it was presenting my work - spent way to long on the wind up - which was pretty well done but didn't leave any time for results.

### [[DW]]
Was pretty calm and good with the kids while we were waiting at the Greek consulate waiting for the passport processing.

### [[CI]]
Patience.

### [[GMD]]
I was kind of impressed with how calm she was with the Greek passport people who had just totally lost her appointment that had been made 6 months previous.

### [[IMD]]
Another argument with Donna. This one Amos was upset by and was telling me to stop talking to Donna in the way that I was. Which was probably a good indication to dial things back. I was just again, as is our pattern, pissed off that she couldn't just say sorry. That was really all I needed to hear. But when I am frustrated with Donna about something she almost always digs in and fights. This time it was the fact that I had dinner ready and waiting and they got home just at 6 - I would like it if they got home a bit earlier tbh - and then Donna disappeared for 5 min without saying anything to the bathroom with Amos and there was splashing water but it was not clear what was going on and dinner was just sitting on the table the whole time.

Felt a bit like mom, or felt more empathy for her. Thought about the times we kind of teased her and she started crying. I get it.

But then when Donna is like "Well I was in the bathroom with Amos...it's obvious that I'm doing something" I get so annoyed. Just acknowledge the legitimacy of the ask - to let me know what is going on if you are not going to be able to come to the table for dinner.

### [[NK]]
Honestly it was interesting to see Amos trying to communicate for me to stop being annoyed with Donna. He can be quite protective. Reminds me of the time Rilka refused to walk and I told her we were going to keep going (this was in Vancouver over a year ago) and we started walking away but then Amos stopped and pulled me, really genuinely upset, pointing at Rilka. And then he can do things that are so completely ignoring her needs or even safety at times.

### [[RT]]
How would I feel if I could see myself getting upset with Donna. I don't think great. I think that I really need to focus on patience.

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that I have a scale again.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
