### [[DJ]]
So a few things.
First of all, to set the scene. I am sitting on a KLM flight from Amsterdam to Montreal. It is a Sunday. I will be getting home to an empty house as the kids are in Burlington visiting Donna's dad and Ev (and of course, also, their "cousin" Evelyn). I really need to find some nice 6 year olds for Rilka to hang out with.

A few observations.

Some things that I have habitually done no longer have the same payoff.
Going out to a bar on my own and having a drink and attempting to strike up a conversation with a girl, or a guy for that matter, for example. If I am drinking (see below) I can still fool myself into thinking that it is fun, but fun things remain fun after they are over and are enjoyable to look back on. These bar events are not particularly fun to look back on and borderline embarrassing.

Relatedly, often I think about something and then imagine that drinking is involved and the thing becomes much more appealing. Even to the level of going from not being appealing to being appealing. I need to do a better job of finding things to do that are fun/interesting enough that they rise above the line of appealing even without connection to a drink. 

I have less freedom than ever.
This was driven home in talking to other people from the bounded rationality school, some of whom had multiple additional summer schools they were attending in multiple additional countries over the course of the next two months. For me this was a big deal and involved spending a ton of resources in the form of both actual money and stored up/owed childcare with Donna. I am not sure how to deal with this as I do not want to just stay put in Montreal anymore abut I also need to recognize the full costs of trying to engage in "adventures".

I am having a hard time paying close attention to things and really allowing myself to be fully present. Even at the Waldbuhne concert I only had moments when I was able to fully concentrate on the music. This is a muscle I would like to build back up. 

I think this is connected to the fact that I simply do not get enough sleep. And it ends up messing up what I am able to do as I am not as sharp or energized to work effectively and then don't feel like I have earned "real" off time so I end up just doing more ineffective work that involves a lot of procrastinating.

I need to figure out what the big projects and goals are going forward. I feel like Donna and I have semi-swapped positions where she is now motivated by the work she is doing and I am a bit over the work that I am doing. This is not completely accurate as I am just not DOING the work I am supposed to be doing at this juncture.

I want to be better but I have not been exercising the real energy and real commitment necessary for this - in addition to knowing what exactly "better" looks like. Sometimes I feel like I am kind of amazing in terms of the things I do but I don't really get the kind of feedback I would like from this. It feels like there is a gap. That if I were 10% better and shared this with people that this might generate a feedback loop where this made what I was doing interesting/valuable to an audience and also that audience would motivate me to keep striving.

I need to spend meaningful time thinking and considering each week. And perhaps now more than ever. I need a vision and a (shared) plan.

### [[DW]]
Paid pretty good attention during the summer school. Tried to give people the benefit of the doubt.

### [[CI]]
Should have prepped further for the talks perhaps...I feel torn on this as perhaps it would have set me up to ask better questions but also the presentations were basically just version of the papers we were suggested to read.

### [[GMD]]
Overall I feel like Donna and I have had pretty good if pretty superficial contact during my time away.

### [[IMD]]
I think that I need to spend more time trying to do things that will make Donna happy. To think about things that she wants and not what I want for her or think she should want. Maybe that means getting an espresso machine? I'm not sure if that is "it" but something like that.

### [[NK]]
Fun to see how Theo is really mimicking the older kids these days. How after Amos put on my shoes he tried to do the same (and succeeded) and then to see Amos and Theo sitting next to each other at Papu's pool and Amos splashing his feet and then Theo doing the same.

### [[RT]]
I'm curious about how my performance is affected by the weather. Would be nice to see a power curve comparison based on temperature. Also am curious what my face would look like if I had never had a single drink and gotten 8 hours of sleep every night.

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful for how upbeat Donna has been during this time looking after all of the kids. I am also grateful they did not get sick during this time.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
