### [[DJ]]
Catherine stopped by last night with Leo after spending a couple of days in NS - which she enjoyed but felt was a bit much given that it required ca. 24 hours of driving for a two day visit. But also seemed that she was impressed by some aspects of her visit - e.g. Linda Little who made 5 incredible cakes. 

Leo bit Theo in the face this morning. Not anything crazy but Theo was touching his muzzle and Leo snapped at him leaving a bruise and drawing blood. I didn't mention it to Catherine but it does just make me a bit wary having the kids around dogs that are somewhat unknown entities with kids. (e.g. Bondo)

Rilka had a fever of 40.4 during the night. Which was just over 104. It was the hottest I have ever felt her. Her whole body felt hot. I was minorly concerned when reading that this is the temp that you should take your kids to the emergency, but then 20 min later after some dolaprane she was at 39.5...and now this morning she is pretty much back in business

### [[DW]]
Worked pretty steadily up until I had to pick Rilka up around noon

### [[CI]]
Need to be better at making dinners for Donna

### [[GMD]]
I appreciated that she set up the dinner with Vince

### [[IMD]]
See dinners...

### [[NK]]
Just in case I haven't noted it...some of the words Rilka has a real hard time saying also include:
- tomorrow - tmrawwaw
- mine - mines

### [[RT]]
Is Rilka unusually whiny? To what degree is it her personality vs. how she is being treated by Donna and I?

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that I can hang out at home with Rilka without feeling overwhelmed.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
