### [[DJ]]
Had a three sport day yesterday - ran then swam then biked.
Did less biking than anticipated but also dealt with getting the trainer set up which involved taking the cassette off my bike, cleaning it, putting it on the trainer and putting a new cassette on the rear wheel. It was 

### [[DW]]
Ran faster than expected. Did ca. 4k tempo and between 3:47 - 3:58 with a 3:52 average which would be a 38:40 10k. I think that I could probably do an 18:30ish 5k at this point if pushed. 

### [[CI]]
Need to keep better track of how long my exercise is taking and possibly speed up transitions.

### [[GMD]]
Had fun biking to and from the party with Donna.

### [[IMD]]
I think that I should have communicated to Donna when I parked the bike just to give her an idea of ETA. I would have appreciated that if I were on the other end.

### [[NK]]
Amos's face is SO expressive. He has so many funny/good ones. Is it because he doesn't have language that he has developed this skill?

### [[RT]]
What does being a fan of prog rock correlate with in terms of individual differences?

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that I can still go to a party of people in their 20s 30s and not feel totally out of place. Was also grateful there was someone else our age at the party.

### Kindness
Neighbor left note angry that we were putting out garbage in front of their place. I first thought he was mistaken since I had put the trash out and was about to write a note of tone "what are you talking about?" - but then decided to check with Donna and found out that Amos had moved two of our trash bags to the other side of the tree in front of our house which is by the road on the far side of the sidewalk so, I mean, not really a big deal.

But I treated the complaint more seriously than I thought it deserved and without any snark - just writing that our 4 year old son had done it and sorry for that, and we would try and be more vigilant in the future and gave my number in case there were any other issues and he wrote back a nice note apologizing for overreacting. 


---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
