### [[DJ]]
A day of a bunch of admin. Felt moderately good to make progress on that front but no "real" work got done whatsoever. So many over-head hanging items of minor to major importance to check off. Bird by bird.

### [[DW]]
In a busy day managed to rent a bike and get in a decent workout pre-Nationals.

### [[CI]]
I just did things semi-randomly today. Need a more directed approach.

### [[GMD]]
I thought our talk with the counsellor today went pretty well. Made me think about the emotions behind some of Donna and I's arguments and how those lead to destructive patterns.

### [[IMD]]
I think it would be good to do a bedtime moment with Donna and some reading each night.

### [[NK]]
Rilka started the morning in a very fragile state. I feel like when she has extended periods with Donna she becomes much more whiny. I then feel like I need to correct that (rightly or wrongly) so I am sure that I come across as a mean person sometimes. I feel like I need to think that through and perhaps re-read the soul of discipline. Is it wrong to ever physically make your kids do something? Last night Amos refused to go to the bathroom so after asking perhaps 6 times and trying to be pretty stern about it I just went over and took him by the wrist and pulled him to the bathroom and then did the same with Rilka (who was also refusing). Should I be trying to make myself someone they always want to please? That seems impossible for a parent tbh but maybe I am underestimating the possibilities? Amos is so fast on his balance bike these days and Rilka is getting better and better on the pedal only bike.

### [[RT]]
Why is it so hard for me to get started on my analysis of the data when I know that it will be fun?? To what degree is fatigue involved?

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that I am going to get some money from U of Toronto and also likely from OSAP this coming year. Should hopefully be enough to make things work.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
