### [[DJ]]
Ugh, finding myself annoyed to have to journal.
Had another day that was decent in terms of productivity but not totally sticking to my schedule. I did get up at 5:55 and wrote until 6:45 so that is good.

Had a call with Cendri, she seemed kind of out of it. Maybe annoyed with my lack of contact these weeks. Fair.

Also had a call with Dave before that where he was crying quite a bit. Sounds like Sarah may want to take a break. Wants space. He feels that perhaps he has been smothering her. I have a hard time really imagining that to be the case. Said he liked covid because they all had so much time together. Now she has her film and her Oscar and is in the glitzy crowd which I think she, understandably loves, and is motivated by. Now time with Dave means less of this thing she loves. 

So tough when there are different desires/needs/expectations. Very curious to see how this unfolds. In some ways I feel vindicated as I always thought that Dave was just to eager to satisfy her every need. That just isn't healthy. He even brought up our trip to Cassis where he was so worried about her and the kids as she made claims of apocalypse and was mad Dave didn't offer to immediately come home when basically one of the kids had thrown up.
### [[DW]]
Good thinking/writing about thesis.

### [[CI]]
Get better about sticking to schedule.

### [[GMD]]
Telling her about my paper and her taking the initiative to suggest that.

### [[IMD]]
Not much eye contact or physical connection.

### [[NK]]
Amos is so excited for me to say goodnight to him and still loves when I rub his face and sing pirouette cachuette. Interesting as I could imagine him losing it with laughter but he actually seems to calm down. Rilka was mad at Amos when they were hiding and he kept laughing and she kept saying "stop giggling Amos!"

### [[RT]]
Just curious about the actual conversations Sarah and Dave have been having...

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that I don't feel panicked about going into debt and can just with a reasonable degree of confidence assume it will get taken care of.

### Kindness
Tried to be a bit less abrupt in my questions to Donna. 
Noticed that she had a call with an intake person for Amos and texted her right afterward as a way to indicate that I noticed that she was doing this work.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
