### [[DJ]]
Mom and Catherine just left. We celebrated the kids' birthday yesterday. Stage 12 of the tour de france is on the second screen right now. The kids stayed home from school - sleeping over with Nana and Catherine - and woke up to a pancake breakfast. Then biosphere and the parc jean drapeau pool (I joined for that) followed by dropping amos with Donna for SLP. Then did the afternoon session of the Deep Learning course which was okay but not great. I finally decided this morning to drop out of the course. I also think that I have an alcohol use disorder. To put it in DSM terms. My ability to stop once I start is just too poor, and the cost of losing sleep is just too great.

### [[DW]]
Did a good job of putting together a photo show and letter for the birthday evening of grownups.

### [[CI]]
Need to get schedule in place. Less youtube.

### [[GMD]]
I liked when Donna sang her birthday song and that she added to it.

### [[IMD]]
Just am finding so many moments of minor annoyance with her. Need to remember that it is also ME and my REACTION that I am experiencing.

### [[NK]]
Amos has really done a good job adding apple to his vocabulary. And is saying "na" for yes and an understandable no for no. Gives the first hints that he WILL in fact talk eventually...

### [[RT]]
I am still so unsure about Amos' cognitive faculties. We were talking about it last night with Mom and Catherine...how he is so lazy (selectively)

### [[Gratitude]]
I appreciate how kind and generous Catherine can be

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
