### [[DJ]]
Still feeling like crap. Headache. Achy body. I have really been sick SO often that it is crazy. Just thinking back to my time in NYC I really NEVER got sick. I don't remember missing a single day of work because of illness. The idea seemed so self-indulgent to me. Theo is now home today with a fever of 39.5 last night. Hoping everyone is feeling better for our trip to NS tomorrow - and kind of especially me as I will have to do the bulk of the "work".

Have not been biking at all this week which is probably for the best given illnesses.

Planning to get started on a "real" training plan as of next week.

### [[DW]]
Did a good job resting a long time yesterday and really sleeping a lot.

### [[CI]]
Need to be more organized these days.

### [[GMD]]
When Donna got back from running and summer school she was quite energetic and motivated. I think that part of it is just that she is excited to be "popular" as one of a very few girls who are there - she responds really strongly to positive attention.

### [[IMD]]
Really lost it with Donna when she started critiquing me for ordering the wrong bottle nipples. Pointing out that she had asked if I had checked that they were the correct ones and me pointing out that given that they had the same brand and model as our bottle I had very reasonably assumed so. But then she would not drop it. I found that extremely annoying. I honestly think rightly so, but I don't have to react so strongly.

### [[NK]]
Yesterday at bedtime Rilka asked Donna to lick her feet. She started normally - "16 hugs and 14 squishes" and then added "and then can you lick the bottoms of both of my feet?" Kind of hopeful tone of voice...I honestly don't know if Donna did it or not.

### [[RT]]
Am I at my least health in terms of body-composition right now? Have a real accumulation of fat around my midsection which at least has not been there for quite some time...

### [[Gratitude]]
Glad that NS can potentially serve as a reset of sorts and to have someone else around to talk to and interact with.

### Learning
Thinking about getting a coach for one last push at hitting a cycling goal (400 watts for 20 min). In some ways it seems like a waste of money as I think I more or less know what I need to do/what would be effective. But I also think that it could be valuable to have the interpersonal connection/interaction/support.

Figuring out how to hit goals can require multiple types of learning. Both knowledge of what you need to do and how you can put yourself in a situation where you are most likely to enact that knowledge.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
