### [[DJ]]
Dad and Catherine arrived yesterday late afternoon. Dad almost always looks like he is trying to stay awake after an all-nighter. Not sure if it is the meds? It seems like he should have been more tired in the days when Call was waking him up at ungodly hours not a month after his Europe trip where, at least when he was with me, he was getting 8+ hours of sleep per night generally. Had a large argument/conversation with Donna last night about dealing with the kids re: bedtime strategy. She often goes in and whispers with Rilka at night for 10-15 minutes and was doing it again at 9:20pm last night. I just feel like this cannot be a good way of actually building up good sleep habits. When we arrived at Cat and Dad's place - where Dad is insisting on staying even though there are stairs and an inaccessible shower (tub style)...though honestly I think that the reaction was a bit over the top. He can definitely go up and down the stairs without issue if not without effort. I think that sometimes there is a bit of signaling going on when we are trying to show our concern by dad by saying what should be done to accommodate him. Anyway, when we arrived there was an immediate kerfuffle with Leo being overly excited and Amos and Rilka being petrified, and Theo being pretty chill about the whole thing. Then there was a finding of toys and a general running around that was just nonstop until Donna left with the kids and in the moments afterwards I really realized how much energy the kids both bring and require and what a whirlwind it is to have them around...

### [[DW]]
Did well

### [[CI]]
Could improve

### [[GMD]]
Good moment with Donna

### [[IMD]]
Improvable moment with Donna

### [[NK]]
Neat kids

### [[RT]]
Random thought

### [[Gratitude]]


---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
