### [[DJ]]
Just booked ticket to SF for SJDM. Hope to connect with Fred.
Maybe reach to Anthony? Who else?

Feel a bit isolated these days. Need new and interesting people in my life.

Amos and Rilka had a Halloween ball today. 

Also Sheilahs bday. 48? What the f.

Reached out to Valina about coming to SF and immediate response. I appreciate her attitude/ethic. 

Had a pretty good work day. 

Donna came to me wanting me to encourage her to become a rep for her lab at MILA. I did not encourage her. She I am sure is holding it against me to some degree.
### [[DW]]
Doing a pretty thorough job of analysis. Watched a good amount of class on the bike.

### [[CI]]
Run and ride takes more than 2 hours. and then shower and change and shake is more like 2.5 hours minimum. Just need to be aware of that.

### [[GMD]]
Donna seemed to want to reconcile after the argument which I appreciated but also why the reaction in the first place??

### [[IMD]]
We got in another stupid argument about running and lactate threshold. She had a pace calculator which calculated a really dumb pace (3:34) for my lactate threshold pace which is faster than my best 5k time (which was entered). It was basically calculating the LT for my goal time. Which doesn't make any sense in terms of how I should be training now. And Donna just was obstinate (in my opinion) that it was doing it correctly. It devolved and then she was saying that we should stop the conversation because I was too angry. Which just felt like a dick move because I wasn't that angry and wasn't talking in a voice that was angry, just annoyed. Then when I researched and showed her how the site was wrong she was a bit mealy mouthed about the whole thing.

I found myself just questioning who this person IS? Is she not smart in the way I thought she was? I also just find myself less and less on board with her values. This kind of virtue signaling that doesn't feel like virtue signaling to her because she believes in it, genuinely, but is EFFECTIVELY virtue signaling because it isn't accomplishing anything meaningful - like the racing to zero work. And then she gets excited to do things that are NON environmentally friendly like fly out to halifax to go speak at a conference for a day. This from someone who was saying maybe we shouldn't fly to europe so much. Just feels inconsistent except in one case you can paper it over with "for a good cause". Ungenerous interpretation for sure but is it not accurate?

### [[NK]]
Rilka tonight was taking a long time to fall asleep and at one point was whispering down to see if Amos was awake. First time I heard her doing that. I told her to be quiet of course but was neat to see that happening. Coming from the little baby that used to cry a lot.

### [[RT]]
Am I not really giving montreal a chance? 

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that I can just push my thesis deadline and reduce the pressure.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
