### [[DJ]]
First day back in which I actually made a real attempt to hew to my schedule.
Mixed success but it is 20:31 and I was supposed to start journaling at 20:30, so that is good. I can see how easy it is to slip into bad habits...just google this thing for a few more minutes after I was supposed to start task 'x'.

Took Amos to SLP with Perl today. Was minorly put out by how she started a few minutes late and ended a few minutes early. In the end her 45 minute sessions are about the same length as Maria's 30 minute sessions. I also think that actually manipulating Amos's mouth would be beneficial.

Had a call with Dr. Bradley (or Dr. B as he refers to himself). Was weird, it was like a semi-awkward phone call with a parent except this time you are not only spending time but also 200 dollars. I didn't think what I was asking for was that novel - just someone to provide some perspective on my life and how I might improve - but he literally said that he had never encountered this. He also just kept complimenting me and mostly agreeing with me on everything. And then just asking super vague questions.

So, how is your family?
So, what else?

Anyway, trying not to rush to judgment and also have 1000s of dollars to try and blow on therapy before Sept 1.

### [[DW]]
Did a good job last night of setting up my whole schedule and then trying to work out components with Donna today.

### [[CI]]
Stick more closely to schedule.

### [[GMD]]
Had a text back and forth trying to organize things that went pretty well/smoothly.

### [[IMD]]
Should spend some time trying to connect. I think that I feel like Donna is preferring to study vs. interacting with me which is perhaps a lesson I should take for myself. To set aside time to try and connect. And be clear with the other person when you would like to do that.

### [[NK]]
Theo was really cracking up tonight when I was showing my face from behind the door. It is fun to try and think of novel ways to surprise him.

His skin is also starting to clear up which is a relief for all.

### [[RT]]
Amos was so distractible at his meeting with Perl and in general IS so distractible. He will pay attention for literally one second and then be pointing to something unrelated that has caught his attention or that he wants. I really would love to know how much of this is accounted for by being a boy vs. a genuine problem with attention. If you sit and try to talk to him seriously he just cracks up into laughter. Is it just too much for him? Too much stimulation to have someone talking to him like that?

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that I have been able to live a pretty nice last 7 years on government funding.

### Kindness
Wrote a quick note to one of the UTSC admin's (Nina) after she won a service award, just congratulating her and mentioning how I thought she was a great person to deal with and very kind and helpful. She wrote back an even longer note thanking me.


---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
