### [[DJ]]
On the plane on my way to SF. Feeling a smallish tickle in my throat. Need to not push too hard these next days.

Feel a bit of relief that I decided not to drink during this time. Simplifies things a bit.

Sent in my poster while on the plane (to be delivered tomorrow).

Am currently watching blackberry.

### [[DW]]
I did a pretty good job setting stuff up to go to San Fran.

### [[CI]]
Still ended up feeling stressed on departure. Should have been packed sooner.

Also need to get back into the mode of MAKING THING HAPPEN. For example

### [[GMD]]
Sent a text thanking Donna for handling the kids while I am away. She responded in a nice way.

### [[IMD]]
Could have used some more intimacy pre-departure. Would be good to start having moments in our day together. Whether a quote to discuss, or a book to read together, or just going to bed at the same time.

### [[NK]]
I have a hard time believing that Theo is just about 2 years old. It's interesting as it seems like he has the ability to talk he just isn't that interested. Once in a while he will make an effort and do a very good job of "getting" a word but then doesn't really start using it regularly (e.g. ball)

### [[RT]]
What is Donna's internal story about  how she ended up at MiLA? Does she think that it was her doing or does she acknowledge the fact that it would not have happened without me.

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful to have kids.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
