### [[DJ]]
Amos SLP with the CLSC person. Zinab. She was nice. Seemed young. Was mentioning repeatedly that Amos seemed tired as we passed the 45 minute point (she went for an hour). Felt like I was doing as much or more in terms of getting Amos to talk. Just didn't see a lot of structure.

Annoyed at number pick up for the 5km race. Had to wait one hour plus. How can they not be faster at processing?? Talked with Sebastian while in line. Didn't feel like we really connected. A long time with no "in person".

Biked a bit. Worked very little. But did start work at 5am since I woke up at 4:45 and just decided to get up.

### [[DW]]
Doing a good job of staying on top of diaries

### [[CI]]
Sleep. More. Leads to more productive days.

### [[GMD]]
Enjoyed watching the telemarketers documentary with her.

### [[IMD]]
Had a minor argument about the fact that I would prefer if she would measure out the oatmeal when making it just because its more consistent. Just as I would prefer that she set a timer. I just have a hard time understanding the pushback on this on a logical level. I get that perhaps it seems like a personal critique, but I mean, how am I not obviously correct on this one. 
### [[NK]]
Have been giving Rilka and Amos "dream ideas" before bed these nights which are pretty fun. They love them - they are basically just simple stories that involve them and a few of their favorite things. Reminds me of the time my mom did this for me when I was scared in bed in my room and she told me to think about horses running on the beach. I don't remember being particularly moved by that but I did try it. How old would I have been??

Also funny how Amos has distinct video phases. There was the trains and train crossing phase, the airplane phase and now we are deep in the dino phase.

### [[RT]]
How much sleep is optimal for me? And how different would I act/perform/feel if I got 8.5 hours/night?

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful to have tomorrow morning off.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
