### [[DJ]]
All kids went to school but was not a guarantee they would stay there and Amos did get sent home having puked after lunch. 

Meeting with Cendri in the morning.

Farhan didn't show up. Said he set his alert for 9pm...

Found out Cendri did an all-nighter getting her SHRC ready. That's kind of the problem. We are too much the same person in that regard. I need a Mickey or a Dave Rand to keep me focussed and on track.

Said I would finish up my exploratory analyses today....so...tomorrow?

Future planning session with Donna at Italian place that had really good reviews on St. Denis. Got the sandwich special which was pretty good. Not really worth the 20 with tax and tip but pretty good. Decent future planning meeting. Thought a bit about my future. 

Went to butcher shop for the first time. First one didn't sell ground beef. But got some frozen sausage. Second one did, and it was pretty cheap (4.99/lb)...but not like in France where they make it right in front of you.

Dinner with Julie. It is a bit weird as I end up hanging out with her and the kids basically for a large portion of the time. Maybe need to work on having my door be more closeable to my office.
### [[DW]]
Was a bit more productive in terms of making progress on the exploratory analyses. Good to just try and move forward and not tweak too much especially when things may not even be used.

That said, I do get pleasure from formatting things in a way that makes them more legible/informative. Spent quite a bit of time on the model fitting table and I am pleased with the result.

### [[CI]]
Bed time timing.

### [[GMD]]
Had a good future planning session.

### [[IMD]]
I asked her about her work today - need to be more engaged in that.

### [[NK]]
Theo is funny as when I drop him off at school these days I let him walk instead of carrying him to the classroom and he likes to copy me. So I will do really fast steps and then he will try and do that. And then I will do some hops and he will try and do that...with very limited success. But it seems to put him in a good mood for going into class.

### [[RT]]
Where is Theo at developmentally? I don't even have any idea where he is percentile wise for height/weight/etc.

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that I didn't feel too tired today. Grateful I am going to bed now.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
