### [[DJ]]
Just found out that the fondo I was planning to go to got cancelled. Then found out there were actually closer, cheaper kind of more interesting events happening THIS weekend...if only I had known.

In any case signed up to run the 5km race on Saturday anyway, so would have had to skip that.

Overall a good day. Quite a bit of work.

### [[DW]]
Had a good chunk of focussed work. Lost track of time working.

### [[CI]]
Stick to schedule. It is kind of fun to get stuck into something but better to stay on schedule for balance and long term success.

### [[GMD]]
I thought that I was pretty calm/cool about the fact that she was late this morning getting the kids together (she thought that I was on, mistakenly).

### [[IMD]]
I will try and have a moment before going to bed. Need to give her more sympathy for being ill.

### [[NK]]
Amos got so happy last night when I was telling him a story about him driving an ambulance and putting out fires and picking up dinosaurs. It kind of reminds me of the time dad told us the made up story when I was a kid (what age? 9?) and I thought it was so amazing. It was a serial which went on for at least a few days. Then I don't remember him ever doing that again...

### [[RT]]
Today my skin is looking really old. Is there something I can do about that? Like on my inner elbow when I bend my arm. 

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that I am still motivated, excited about cycling for the moment. But it does feel like it is very solo in terms of activities right now...




---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
