### [[DJ]]
Was on kids labor day morning as Donna went birding with one of her lab groups. She was excited to tell me about the cemetery that she went to where Leonard Cohen was buried. I am curious about the cemetery-celebrity "thing". I guess you can feel close to someone that you could not have in "real" life? Also maybe a moment to reflect? Though I have a hard time seeing that for someone you didn't know? 

Took kids to Jeanne Mance. Went to the big kids side for the first time.
Amos seems to have good hand strength.
Rilka is pretty good at climbing but gets nervous very easily. Needs to be positively reinforced a lot and supported.

Went for bike ride/Zwift race and then for a jog up the mountain which was pretty nice. Very curious how I will run for the triathlon. Need to put the stretch laces in my shoes.

### [[DW]]
Got some work done on the Tour de Mont Blanc trip.

### [[CI]]
Was snippy with Donna

### [[GMD]]
Was nice complementing the parc of Joyous Vikings together

### [[IMD]]
Should have talked to Donna about the food incident (when I ran across them while jogging and they were eating BOTH cookies and rice Krispie squares....)

### [[NK]]
Theo said mama and La today. 

I was on the couch and trying to get him ready for bed and he was trying to take off and go to Amos and Rilka’s bedroom where donna was reading then stories 

I said where are you going???
And he said 
“La” and pointed to the bedroom looking at me.

### [[RT]]
Am I normalizing Amos' behavior/abilities since I have been around him so much? Sometimes I feel like others are more worried about him than me?

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that I am able to find energy to put in place plans like Olympics/tdmb...


---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
