### [[DJ]]
The day after Matt's birthday and my triathlon...
Triathlon went well. Was fun to lay out the bike transition station and try and get things "set up". I like that kind of stuff.
I took 3mg of THC from Donna's stash a couple hours ago and it is hitting stronger than usual it seems.

I am really tired. Stayed up late and had drinks with Jeff last night. Called Matt while pretty buzzed - just glad I did not forget.

Today we went out to watch the beginning of the GP Cycliste MTL but it started raining really hard. We got totally soaked and Rilka was miserable. Just saying how she wanted to go home. Theo was the most chill by far. He still has his moments of discontent but overall just seems really happy these days. 

Ended up pulling the plug on the first circus class.

Went back to the race in the afternoon and got 7 water bottles given to the kids. Some with the initial of the rider they were for still on the bottle. For dinner we had all the water bottles on the table and Amos in particular drank SO much electrolyte water. After dinner Amos and Rilka played "soigneur" and wanted us to clamor for the water bottle so they could hand them out to us.

### [[DW]]
I think it was actually a good call to cancel the circus lessons. Could have really pushed and done it but would have been pretty miserable.

### [[CI]]
More sleep.

### [[GMD]]
Was nice to watch a show with her this evening. Want to think of something more meaningful/interesting to do but better than nothing.

### [[IMD]]
Just didn't try and connect all that much today. Could do better on that.

### [[NK]]
I really liked how friendly and affectionate the kids were with Jeff. Theo immediately went up to Jeff and sat down on his lap. And everyone was just was eager to hug him and play with him.

### [[RT]]
Am I right that Donna would be really good at Triathlon?

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful to get to know Jeff a bit better. Though I think I may have been a bit over eager to "share"/connect


---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
