### [[DJ]]
Just having "blah" days where I don't get much done on any dimension. Had a nice dinner with dad and catherine last night from Arepera and then sat out in the alley for our "neighbor" get-together but then no one showed up. Curious what is going on with that?? Had a meeting with Cendri and told her that I was extending my timeline as thing were just taking longer than anticipated. In a way it is not even that things are taking longer than anticipated so much as I am just putting less time into them than anticipated.

### [[DW]]
The morning stop by Catherine and Dad's place is nice.

### [[CI]]
I think having more of a plan for the days with dad and catherine would have been nice. And maybe planning an event in advance with the Makhans.

### [[GMD]]
I feel like Donna is actually working pretty hard these days and also she was in such a good mood from getting the news about money that she said she is now thinking about buying her dad a 50k watch and also helping me out financially if I need some time post phd to figure things out.

### [[IMD]]
I still want to get on a routine of reading a bit with Donna each morning or evening.

### [[NK]]
Theo is really saying "more" but in a way that sounds like Amos (mahh, maahh) these days. Yesterday while riding his little blue bike and me pushing him around on it.

### [[RT]]
Is my body transitioning to something way worse? Am I going to need to change my diet and ways in order to maintain at this point?

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that my body has been so good for so long with so little work. 

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
