### [[DJ]]
This is actually yesterday's note. 
Just finished up a weekend with [[Dave Sandomierski]], helping him manage the days while Sarah was away exploring her infatuation with another older women out in LA. I wrote him a letter ([[Dave S Letter]]). Some thoughts/takeaways from this time:
- I need to be more engaged with Donna
- It is so hard to change patterns
	- After Dave agreed that it was important to let Sarah know how he was feeling he continually kept "telling" her that things were fine. That he would be/was doing okay. It made me want to shake him and even just write to Sarah myself. But I feel like both of those things would feel like a betrayal to Dave. Though perhaps I am doing what he is doing in this case and stepping back from discomfort.
- Large power imbalances in a relationship are very tricky, and require a special strength of character from the person with less power not to have their behavior warped by the person with more power
### [[DW]]
I think that overall I was a good listener and provided thoughtful/reasonable advice to Dave, in combination with a bit of distraction.

### [[CI]]
Need to be better at regular contact when traveling. Maybe make some sort of special travel routine with the kids?

### [[GMD]]
Had a nice conversation with her this morning. I think that she really appreciated being let in on what was going on with Dave.

### [[IMD]]
I need to think more about how to do "things" with Donna. Perhaps organize a getaway weekend for us this fall.

### [[NK]]
Donna was saying that when Theo cried Amos would say papa and make the crying sign with his hand as if he was crying because Papa was away. Pretty touching.

### [[RT]]
How much have a I lost physically? It is hard to remember how fit I was when in Sweden and training for the 3k pentathlon race. And what I did before I ran the 10 min 3k. But now that I am week 6 of training and pushing hard to do 1:15-1:17 400 ms and recalling that I did 1:10 - 1:12 when training in Sweden it makes me realize there have been real losses. I mean, of course, this is obvious, but the fact that I have matched my lifetime best numbers on the bike just 2 years ago makes it harder to realize.

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that I had this time with Dave. It has provided me with some perspective and deepened my relationship with him.

### Values: Fun
I need to get the babysitter exchange up and running. I also want to look into a travel weekend with Donna where my mom would come to do kids and then hang out for a few days after.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
