### [[DJ]]
Had a pretty decent day. Got up at 6am. Worked. Did speaking exercises with Amos.
He has so much trouble saying "E" and "I". He is making attempts at works but sometimes it sounds almost nothing like them.

Was a cooler day. First jacket day. I like jacket weather but I also am aware that it is going to be a quick transition. Thought it was Wednesday when picking the kids up (Hadi and Rilka had been drawing rainbows - they seem really tight) and then had a double take when I realized it was Thursday.

Good work sessions. 

Picked up my glasses from La Zone Optique.

The lady is funny. She was proud of the case and the microfiber cloth and I think was expecting me to be more enthusiastic. I thought the case was a bit tacky and that it was something that the store was providing but she was surprised when I asked if I could also have the manufacturer case...since she had just given it to me. Oh well. Also the upgraded lenses I bought, progressive, are kind of more annoying than helpful at this point. Then ran and printed off return labels for Amazon and got some pizzas and bananas at the drug store.

Had a lab meeting where Cendri showed some of my data that she had been analyzing and frankly it was quite interesting.

I also just enjoy the minutiae of getting into how to present the data, novel analyses, etc. Makes me realize how status quo so much of our current analysis is...though perhaps I am making mistakes that have already been made.
### [[DW]]
Got kids at 5:15. Really is nice to have that extra time buffer.

### [[CI]]
Exercise times somehow seems to expand beyond the 2 hour bounds.

### [[GMD]]
When she told me to listen to the song Rilka was singing.

### [[IMD]]
I think I need to let go of my anger and frustration with Donna. What is she doing and what am I "doing" - or what are the emotions that are surging through me doing in terms of affecting my judgment. I find myself asking what I am getting out of this "partnership" which is feeling less like a partnership than a logistics partner who is getting paid more than you but seems to be doing less work.

So much nit-picking and so little building each other up.
### [[NK]]
It was kind of impressive that both kids were able to go poop after going to bed. It feels like an excuse to get out of going to sleep right away but what can you say when they both manage to produce a substantial poop? And then on the way back to bed Rilka asked Amos if he wanted a hug and he went over and gave her one before scampering up to the top bunk.

### [[RT]]
How much did La Zone Optique make off my glasses? What are there margins that they can have so few customers and offer 150 dollars of discount on the spot?

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that Cendri is interested in the data I collected.

### Value: Kindness
How to be kind to someone that you feel isn't being kind to you? How to motivate someone to behave in a way toward you that will make you feel better that isn't trying to accuse them (and prove the accusation) that they are acting "incorrectly"?

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
