### [[DJ]]
Slept in until just before 7. Kids did pretty well for 2nd day of time change.

Worked on data munging of SK data - exclusively the visits data. Also did a bit of writing for DSI application. And ran and biked. And met with Ian Bradley. Really not sure I am getting much out of those meetings. In some ways it feels like a bit of accountability which is not bad. But kind of expensive for that.

### [[DW]]
Some progress on my visual schedule. More work needed but some progress.

### [[CI]]
Need to create alarms/music at timing for my day

### [[GMD]]
Nice little dance moment after dinner with kids and Donna.

### [[IMD]]
Improvable moment with Donna

### [[NK]]
I think Theo kind of said "dance" tonight. He gets really ramped up for our dance parties which is nice. Loves doing a head plant where he almost but not quite pushes himself into a forward roll.

### [[RT]]
I was listening to a podcast where a mother was talking about an interaction with her 10 year old daughter and how clear it was that her daughter was trying to please her. Made me think a couple of things. How I need to be more aware of the desire of my kids to please me and how to make that a healthy relationship. And also how I need to be careful with how I express my preferences. I heard Rilka giving a picture of Paw Patrol that she had colored to Donna tonight and asking Donna if she liked paw patrol and Donna said yes, and Rilka said "Because Dad doesn't like paw patrol. So when I make pictures of paw patrol I will give them to you and when I make pictures of not paw patrol I will give them to Dad."

### [[Gratitude]]
I was grateful yesterday night when I had an argument with Donna and then she came and apologized. I don't think that she would have done that in such a thoughtful and generous way.

### [[Values | Learning]]
Was also thinking that another value is effort. Specifically the effort to do things that you might not normally. Learn about something that you are not interested in. Make an effort to create an event with a low success probability. Do more things with a possibility of failure. That also allows learning. Kind of like adding some randomness to a greedy algorithm.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
