### [[DJ]]
Really getting into taco dinners. Can combine a few good things just with some basics (chicken/fish/beef/beans). Also nice with the corn tortillas I found at the butcher shop.

Only slept slightly more than an hour today.
Kind of worried about what the effects of this are? Really would like to do a "sleep month". In the meantime see CI...

Got a decent amount of work done. Still slogging through the data cleaning but at least onto sensor kit now
### [[DW]]
For the most part I am managing to not get lazy re: the data cleaning process.
Though I could do better.
### [[CI]]
Schedule. Go to bed on time. If there are disruptions to schedule on a given day schedule them in! 2:15 min for bike ride.

### [[GMD]]
Had a pretty good future planning session. Working on being patient is paying off. Interesting how there are moments when I can take one of two paths and at THAT moment not that hard to take the softer path...even if it kind of feels less satisfying in the moment of making the choice.

### [[IMD]]
Prep more for future planning. Write things down.
### [[NK]]
Rilka and Amos get so excited sometimes when I am telling them their bedtime stories. Sometimes I can tell I have a good one going - like tonight with Rilka where I made up a story where she went to a lion den and then the lion said he could give her a little magical scratch and then when it healed whenever she touched it she could turn into a baby lion.

### [[RT]]
Is Amos getting more "sensory" sensitive? And what is going on when he crosses his eyes and looks to the side? Makes me think more and more that he is on the ASD...plus he is doing a lot of tactile things too with pulling on his sleeves with a finger from the opposite hand.
### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful for Facebook and getting a glimpse into other peoples lives when I am feeling a bit isolated right now...

### [[Values | Learning]]
Ned to write a couple things down about this. (done)
Also am enjoying the Harvard CS50-AI course. Fun doing actual assignments!


---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
