### [[DJ]]
Stuck to schedule pretty well. Cendri meeting kind of threw things off - weird timing and went long, but overall a good meeting. Better vibes from her end and appreciated her saying there were interesting things about what I was saying.

Have been thinking about Dave today and how I want to run the scenario by other people to get their take on it. 

On one hand it seems so obvious. Your partner wants to do something super selfish but enjoyable/exciting for them that is really going to hurt you emotionally. Why should you co-sign that? 

### [[DW]]
Got to a decent point with the presentation for the meeting with Cendri.

### [[CI]]
Not making much progress on my ancillary lists. Need to give myself my full 14 minute break.

### [[GMD]]
She seemed happy and like she wanted to connect when I got back from the gym.

### [[IMD]]
Didn't make any plans to spend time together today.

### [[NK]]
Rilka is really into getting tickled right now. She wants to get her feet tickled each night now when she goes to bed.

### [[RT]]
Is pushing Amos to focus at this age doing anything long term? Positive? Negative?

### [[Gratitude]]
Feel grateful for the fact that I am kind of in a good position right now. Busy but things are going well.

### Patience
Sometimes I am too quick to clarify my position as opposed to REALLY making sure I understood the other persons...

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
