### [[DJ]]
Was on kids this morning. Decided not to make oatmeal. I want to get some other breakfast go to that is not dried cereal...hm.

Amos had Perl so I just had Rilka and Theo drop off. The has been really good these last weeks, just running right into the classroom and not even looking back.

I am feeling really tired.

Took a 20 min nap and actually fell asleep.

Didn't get a lot of work done.

Had a meeting with Ian Bradley - really not sure of the value of talking to him. He has almost no suggestions/strategies. Feels like just talking to a cheerleader.

Went for a run and felt pretty empty. Didn't make the expected times for my 6 x 800. And only did 4 x 800.

Feeling like I didn't get enough done the past week given that I have a meeting with Cendri tomorrow.
### [[DW]]
Good to stop the workout when I did. Just nothing in my legs.

Did some decent editing on the results. Just not enough.

### [[CI]]
Lost an hour looking for bike stuff for Donna. Save that for family admin.

### [[GMD]]
Was nice looking at her bike wheels together this morning.

### [[IMD]]
Didn't check in on her day (yet)

### [[NK]]
Rilka after going poo automatically gets on all fours with her bum pointed high in the air waiting for us to wipe.

### [[RT]]
What is a good way to revise the project that Alex and I have been doing of trying to live up to certain ideals.

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that Alex can help motivate me to be a better version.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
