### [[DJ]]
Yesterday Donna and I went to the weekly Wednesday back alley get together but were the only ones there. We talked to Anne about my idea for her to become the new Blippy. Also a guy from Lebanon who lives down the street came by with this dog - we talked about the crazy processing times for Visas. Met with Marc at the dispensaire and was a bit buzzed already. I feel very self conscious in these situations when I know that I am more drunk than the person I am interacting with. 

### [[DW]]
Made some progress on cleaning the Qualtrics data

### [[CI]]
Really did not need to get an extra beer and potato chips after meeting with Marc. Also connectedly I went to bed an hour too late...

### [[GMD]]
Had a nice time sitting in the alley with Donna.

### [[IMD]]
I am currently frustrated that Donna got Amos up and took him to our bed and didn't make them sleep apart last night and was loud in the kitchen waking Theo up this morning. It feels like if she has to be up then she is not careful about protecting my sleep.

### [[NK]]
Amos is an early bird. Also seems to finally be getting the hang of building things with the magna tiles.

### [[RT]]
Still so hard to tell if Amos might have cognitive issues, but he definitely is clever sometimes.

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that Donna hired Julie yesterday to allow us to have some time together.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
