### [[DJ]]
Just watching a pretty good start to a tour de france stage. I have found myself a bit uninspired by the events. And yet listening to 5+ hours of Bill Simmons just commenting on a basketball season/moves that isn't even happening right now. I think that I am being mentally lazy. Or I am tired so the fatigue is pushing me in that direction. 

Yesterday went over to the Makhan's (Mike's place) and it seemed so big. 3 stories. Made me think about what it would be like to have that much space. I claim not to care but it is tricky with kids and a small space. Also at the birthday party I had the same emotional response - I am just as old or older than this person and yet they have a larger nicer apartment than me. But this is of course a bad way to think about things.

The kids were pretty energized while there, running around a lot.

### [[DW]]
I think that it was good that I went over for breakfast with dad and catherine and need to head off now.

### [[CI]]
Need to make plans for them and think about how to connect everyone again.

### [[GMD]]
Had a midday encounter which was good. She was wearing a tight shirt that looked good which kind of took me by surprise.

### [[IMD]]
I think that I got a bit offended when Donna suggested that Mike had changed the time of the meet up to encourage me to bring the kids and that we SHOULD in fact bring them because of that. I think there was probably some truth to that so better to just thank her for the insight.

### [[NK]]
I did a thing with Rilka today where I pretended there were some ants that climbed up her arm to her shoulder and she REALLY like that. Protecting them and letting them walk back off and on her arm.

### [[RT]]
Would it be good or bad for Dad and Winston to travel/go on some adventures together?

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that we could have a nice moment with Dad and Winston last night...

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
