### [[DJ]]
Couldn't sleep last night. Went to bed late to start after checking email.

Really not sure about the future on many fronts right now which I think is also making me think more about the future with Donna. Not really enjoying it right now. But also feels so daunting to find someone new. And expensive.
### [[DW]]
Had a good nap and a decent run.
### [[CI]]
Need to do email at some point during the day and set aside time for it.

### [[GMD]]
Didn't really have one. Walking back from the lunch Donna reached out to hold my hand but it felt off.

### [[IMD]]
I really didn't enjoy my lunch with Donna.

First it feels like these are supposed to be future planning sessions but when I ask you if there is anything you would like to discuss and you say "no" I am a bit taken aback. I would like these sessions to feel more collaborative and generative.

Second, the argument we got into was an example of many things that I think are corrosive in our arguments and in our relationship more broadly.

First there is me providing what I think is both a bit of a poke and a joke. In this case we were talking about a mutual acquaintance who is expecting a child in the next months and you were telling me about how she seemed a bit focussed on details that you didn't think were particularly important. I then reminded you of the fact that we had done a bit of that ourselves and brought up the fact that for the first week or 10 days of having the twins we had been boiling the kids' bottles and then never done that again as an example of the larger trend of parents figuring out what is necessary and non-necessary in terms of raising young kids. 

It seemed that you interpreted this as a jibe or attack on this effort and then made an equivalency between boiling kids bottles before use and reading them one or two books per night. This led to an argument in which I was triggered for a few reasons.

First, it did not seem like you were arguing in good faith. I simply could not believe myself, or believe that that vast majority of people I am friends with would believe (including you) that if given the choice between boiling bottles for your kids for the first years of their lives or reading them two bedtime stories instead of one that anyone (including you) would think that the bottle boiling would be likely to have a bigger positive impact on their lives.

So I was confused by how strongly you seemed to be staking out your opposing position. It felt like you principle was not to argue for something you believed in but to argue AGAINST me. Then at a certain point when I was giving theoretical odds of risk and benefit trying to illustrate the principle of the difference between the two interventions, you started aggressively asking stating things like "And you can name papers that state that, right?". I stopped you then and asked why you were being so combative and you said that it was because this is what I did when we had arguments (i.e. in the context that you were making a claim I would often ask whether you had research/data that backed up your claim).

This felt like a punitive approach. You didn't like something I tended to do in the past and so you, in turn, were now doing it to me. I guess turnabouts fair play as they say but it doesn't feel very productive. I am not asking you for references because you do it to me and I hate it - I am doing it because that is my natural response when I hear something that goes against either my intuition or things that I have read that seem credible. I would much rather you express your feelings in the moments when I do this than bottle it up and punish me later on by doing the very thing to me that you didn't like when I did to you.

And this feels of a larger piece. I feel like there are many hurts that you have bottled up and then they come out in these sidelong ways that feels both bad and confusing. One extreme example is when we were in NY together and you were visiting and staying with me and I took you out for a night of drinks with some friends of mine and we went to a bar and I went to get us drinks and while at the bar was approached by a girl who talked to me for a long time. When I came back maybe 20 minutes later I was shocked to see that you were making out with one of my friend's friends. I was upset and your rebuttal was that since I was talking to the girl at the bar so long what was the big deal. Again this felt like a really mean and punitive action. I admit that I can be thoughtless but I would like my thoughtlessness to be met with conversation and discussion and not just left to simmer and then come out in these moments of punishment.

The other thing is the choices you make. You are choosing to miss two dinners with the kids each week to get a marginal exercise benefit - i.e. you could do exactly the same work out at another time but it would likely be harder to push yourself to the same degree when alone. So while you would still progress, the progress might be somewhat slower. I don't think that this is a huge deal but it speaks to a larger phenomenon where you pile up things that you value personally at the expense of family/relationship and then complain that you have no time.

I have made the bed more than half of the days this week when you got out of bed first. It feels like this is a metaphor for much of the ancillary elements of our life together.

Made me feel a bit sad that you weren't more on board when I was discussing that if I get a really good job offer that we may need to move for a while. Your first response was whether I would be up for going there on my own. Again, I don't know if this is in response to me not being more excited/supportive when we had to move for your work or what else could be going on. The tacit message is that you value being in Montreal and in person contact with the people of your lab/collaborations more than having the whole family together and contact with me.
### [[NK]]
I don't know why but I do appreciate when Amos calls for papa instead of mama (it is definitely more rare).

### [[RT]]
How does Donna see things/work divided between us?

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that I can talk with Mom about this stuff. Even if she is judgmental. 

### Value: Kindness
How can I deliver all of this info to Donna in a way that is kind and doesn't feel like I am trying to stake out the higher moral position? It can't help but feel like a critique. How can I soften that so that it finds a more receptive audience?

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)



## Cendri Meeting

It is kind of like the game where you can't say the word but you can use other words to try and prompt the response you want...
- how do you ask someone's grades if you can't ask them their grades
- or ask someone if they're rich without asking them if they are rich

Psychometrics tell us about our low level cognitive processes - but if we are interested in higher level aspects of behavior (emotions for example) these lower level cognitive processes COMMON TO EVERYONE might not have that much to reveal.

How do we access those higher level functions? Neuroimaging doesn't seem to be the answer...what about collecting richer behavioral data sets and ML methods that allows us to leverage heterogeneity - turn it from a flaw to a feature.

Worked more -> more depressed
- have to cut out OTHER things from your day that you were planning on doing