### [[DJ]]
On my way to Toronto on Via rail sitting in Dave's "favorite" seat, 9S.
It is three instead of 4 seats going across but the comfort doesn't seem remarkably different. A bit anxious about meeting with Dave and spending these days with him. I feel like I want to live up to his/my expectations of being a "good" friend. I want him to feel glad that I came. I am also nervous about whether his kids will "like" me. I don't have experience with their age and don't want to feel like I have to perform or whatever but also don't want to be in a mode where I am essentially aloof since I "definitely do not need their approval". I don't of course. And that is kind of the thing, isn't it. Our behavior should not be based on seeking approval from those whom we judge to be status equal/superior.
### [[DW]]
Had a pretty productive trip on the train so far. Had a good time with the kids at the birthday yesterday.

### [[CI]]
I think that I could have been a bit more engaged with the parents at the party, though I also feel like that is kind of on them?

### [[GMD]]
It was nice to see Donna running again. Glad I made it out with the kids even if it was a bit dumb and meant hours of commuting that morning...

### [[IMD]]
Need to have more intimate time and perhaps aim to start going to bed closer to the same time.

### [[NK]]
Rilka seemed so happy when I came in after spinning last night to say goodnight to her and I told her about dreaming about a pony that turns into a unicorn. It is also pretty neat how she is basically teaching herself how to write. 

### [[RT]]
What is the difference in mental complexity of Amos and Rilka? 

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that I can go to Toronto like this to support Dave with no real worries about Donna or work.

### Learning
It was interesting to do the Reading defense and have all of these meetings with Cendri. Learned a bit about giving feedback. Specificity vs. generality. What level of detail/structure is most helpful.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
