### [[DJ]]
Not a very productive day. It takes me time to get ramped back up. Will be full speed again next week. Had more conversations with Donna - mostly productive about trying to organize our time to match our priorities (e.g. if kids/family are a priority lets do more of that)

### [[DW]]
I think that I did a good job of getting started again on analysis. Always a bit slow to get rolling again after stopping.

### [[CI]]
Need to prioritize sleep more these days.

### [[GMD]]
Felt like it was rocky and is still rocky but we made some progress toward being more connected today.

### [[IMD]]
Need to be better at listening to what she wants and even more drawing it out since she does not SAY it usually.

### [[NK]]
From about a week ago I emailed myself a quote from RIlka:
> Waiting in line for the bus in Montreal. On the way to a akemi’s birthday party. We are standing in a line with maybe a dozen people and the two women in front of us are speaking Mandarin. Broker turned to me and asked “what kind of French are they speaking dad? “--

### [[RT]]
How fast could I get if I trained for one year 15 hours per week for triathlon?

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that Donna and I have been meeting with a counsellor for many years.

### Value: Fun
Need to work on this. I mean the triathlon is fun. Trying to also think how to balance something like having a beer with Jeff with my plan not to drink for the rest of the year. How do you balance your own goals with a slight reduction in someone else's fun?

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
