### [[DJ]]
The week of my thesis reading defense. Feels a bit exciting to be checking off a real box on the way to being done. Also a bit anticlimactic in the sense that I think I should probably be doing more work to prepare. I want to really impress Yoel and Cendri and Mickey with some very thoughtful great work. I think that it is good but I think that with more time and thought (time and thought that are not available at this point) it could have been even stronger.

Picked up kids from school.  Realized that the whole process takes around 35 minutes without bikes. 
### [[DW]]
Had a relaxed fun time with the kids partly just because I went a bit early to pick them up. Just having bit more time can really change the dynamics of a situation.
### [[CI]]
Overall I think that I need to get better about expressing my frustration with the kids. I think that sometimes I can be a bit frightening. Which is not the aim. I just feel like I am not be heard or being ignored and I want them to PAY ATTENTION.
### [[GMD]]
I appreciated that Donna emptied the dishwasher this morning.

### [[IMD]]
When Donna asked if she could go when I was going over the schedule changes she was wanting to make I found it really annoying. I should have just expressed why I was frustrated rather than being pissy about it.
### [[NK]]
I had some Nils Frahm playing tonight while I was getting dinner cleaned up and at a certain point in time all three kids were dancing like goofballs in the living room.

### [[RT]]
If Rilka had the same disorder as Amos but her personality how quickly would she progress in terms of speaking?
### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that I changed my thesis work so dramatically. Can't even imagine doing fMRI at this point.

### Learning
This is a good week for this. I am learning quite a bit and at the same time learning how to communicate those ideas - how to use the literature to make an argument...illustrate an approach...

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
