### [[DJ]]
Went for my first training run with Donna today. I think it was pretty good. There is a weird tension between us. Some sort of unhealthy competitive streak. Or just a desire to be right? Or perhaps that has been what I have been giving off on my side and Donna has just let it stew to the point where it has become a kind of poisonous stew? Hopefully this can help to let things vent a bit. 

Have a bit of a saddle sore which doesn't bode super well for the fondo. Also worried about cramping up on the fondo. But otherwise looking forward.

Did the call with the "boyz" last night which was pretty fun. Makes me both aware of how much I like them and how stuck they seem in lives that are not really connected to my own path. Also funny to think how they see me - Jamie referred to me as a student bum, good naturedly of course, but it also reminded me a bit of Alex's mom who mentioned in a sidelong way when I told her what I was up to and my plans that "things seem to work out for you". As if I were just kind of a lucky guy. I am lucky of course but there is a lot of work too.

Worked pretty well. I was really tired. Slept through my original alarm but probably for the best.

Trying to get on track with sleep tonight.
### [[DW]]
I think that I am doing good work on my measure and am being pretty thorough.

### [[CI]]
Getting bogged down making a pretty plot, when I should be focussing on analysis.

### [[GMD]]
The run was nice. Also she mentioned that she is pausing racing to zero, which I was kind of happy (very happy?) to hear.

### [[IMD]]
Be a bit more friendly on our runs/workouts.

### [[NK]]
Today Rilka pointed out that the plants hadn't been watered and were dying. This had kind of been Donna's responsibility so I always get a little boost when Rilka calls Donna out on something. Amos then went to the bathroom and wet his hands so that he could run the leaves of the plants with his wet hands. That was so sweet/thoughtful. Then Rilka wanted to rub them too.

I so miss these years of hearing Amos talk. Need to capture more of his expressions. When I came to pick him up he was such a joker. He started blinking his eyes really fast and then made them go side to side like a cartoon character, and then laughed.

### [[RT]]
Just curious how these years of not talking are shaping Amos.

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that Donna and I seem to be on a path of reconnection.

### Values: Kindness
I think that calling my own unhappiness out has helped create room for us both to be happier.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
