### [[DJ]]
Met with Dr. Ian Bradley today
He is such a cheerleader. It isn't what I thought I wanted but maybe it is useful? Having someone tell you that they view you in positive terms makes you kind of want to live up to that image.
I did a bit of work but didn't really hit my groove today.
Watched the tt of the vuelta. It is an interesting one as it is really unclear who is going to win and what kind of form people are in.
Had a minor nervous moment when swimming. I think that my fogged up goggles are not helping. Should maybe order new ones tonight.
Rilka was pretty disappointed when she saw that we were having chili wraps for dinner again tonight. Amos seemed pretty fine with it.
### [[DW]]
Did better than anticipated on the bike ride today.

### [[CI]]
A few more kind gestures toward Donna

### [[GMD]]
I liked the family time around dinner and post dinner. I do feel like Donna is resistant to enjoying it since it is against her previous wishes.

### [[IMD]]
I find it annoying that Donna starts things that are then hard to reel back in. Like leaving the light on in the bedroom. Tonight when I came home she was on a racing to zero call and Amos was up walking around with no diaper on - apparently going to the toilet - and Rilka was wide awake and the light was on full blast in their room. Wtf.

For our next therapy meeting I think that I want to talk about how it feels like Donna is optimizing things for her current position but not really for the family or for us. 

She spends 6 hours at a lunch and then goes bird watching for 2 and a half hours a couple days later and takes long naps on the weekend which is all good for her and her current position but then when I ask for her to be home for a couple more dinners per week it is. a crisis and makes me feel like I am being demanding.

I already feel like I am being really flexible to accommodate your career - vancouver, and then doing all the kids for a chunk last winter and then you pushing for winter so that you can take more courses.

If you don't do that course now you can do it later. But you don't see it that way yet it seems like you see our relationship and the kids that way.

### [[NK]]
Switched the bed positions of the kids tonight. Rilka lower bunk and Amos in the top bunk. 

### [[RT]]
Random thought

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that I am so naturally athletic. Really a pleasure.

### Value: Creativity
I just looked this up now. Didn't think or act much on this today. Need to get better. Sing while prepping dinner. Though perhaps easier once we can close doors and windows.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
