### [[DJ]]
Went to bed really late. Was looking into triathlons.

I took action today upon waking up and turned on Freedom on all of my devices. So internet is off at 8:30pm. I am just kind of addicted to all of these rabbit holes. That is perhaps "following my effort". Maybe that is a unique skill I have. Learning about something quickly and throwing myself into it and getting a fairly good overview and being able to communicate that effectively as I know what it like NOT to know the things I just learned.

Had the day off until 3pm and was planning to do a bunch of school work. Then was planning to take a long nap.

Ended up just kind of doing admin stuff and goofing around and then it was noon and then I had no time to nap and just did my planned bike ride.

Then an afternoon with the kids but they got home very late from the birthday party they were at.



### [[DW]]
Set up bedtime internet lockout. 

### [[CI]]
Need to really nail down the routine. What do I do when? No decisions.

### [[GMD]]
We all lied around on the the living room floor once they got back from hte birthday with pillows and comforters pretending we were camping.

### [[IMD]]
I did a decent job of expressing how I was annoyed that she just didn't come back from the birthday until 3:30 pm with no notice to me and no nap for Theo but still can do better. Patience. Equanimity.

### [[NK]]
At the park today Theo was being pretty adventurous and walking over a structure that I remember Rilka and Amos first doing when they were kids in MTL, though I think it probably only would have been Rilka? But I guess that means it would have been close to the same age as Theo is now so perhaps Theo is not as advanced as I sometimes think in terms of physical abilities? At one point RIlka said dad, Theo, he is going to fall! I was right next to him and I turned to say "No he's not" and had just finished doing so when he fell and landed on his back. I think he bit his tongue because he had blood coming out of his mouth. I tried to move to an area where no one could see me wiping up the blood. Took him a long time to settle down, but then was fine. I just hope these experiences don't make him fearful.
Amos is now into dresses which I don't care about save for the fact that we live in a society with other people and it seems inevitable that this will lead to annoying frictions at some point. Or just comments. Planting weird seeds in the heads of kids for no good reason. Not wearing dresses just seems simpler. Lower stakes. So many other things to "care" about and put energy into.
When Amos eats ice cream he just really eats as fast as he can. Rilka is much more deliberate.


### [[RT]]
Random thought

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that I am still able to cope even with pretty limited sleep.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
