### [[DJ]]
Classic Donna right now. The person who complains about not having enough time and then goes spends 5:30-7:30 at running practice and then runs so hard that she makes herself sick (happens pretty often...once a month?) and then goes and lies in bed for 2 more hours (so far).

Had a good call with Cendri this morning. Went for almost 2 hours and felt like we were both getting something out of it. Feel like I am finally entering an "interesting" phase of research (analysis) after a challenging/difficult phase (data collection).

### [[DW]]
Did a good job of getting back into some research work post exercise even though I was not really in the mood.

### [[CI]]
Bedtime protocol.

### [[GMD]]
Appreciated that she chose the cat cafe for future planning and was ready on time.

### [[IMD]]
I think that I need to ask more about her during one of these next meetings. Focus on her goals and blockers.

### [[NK]]
Theo can be so whiny. Just needing to be picked up or else he cries. But even when picked up in the morning he will still cry. Sometimes for like the first half hour of his day. All the way through breakfast and then through his bath in the tub. Not non-stop but always on the verge and off "on". I just don't remember Rilka or Amos being like that. I am also wondering if he is really as "developed" as I sometimes think him to be when comparing to Rilka and Amos. He still has not developed a larger vocabulary than "more", "la" (which usually involves pointing and is a real catch-all) and "mama".

### [[RT]]
Should we just go ahead with an AAC for Amos? I am starting to see less downside. Just don't see him making the effort progress on speaking and more and more frustration about expressing himself.

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that I ran a PB in the 5km today, even though I was only doing a 15 min tempo. Granted, my comfortably hard tempo was more on the hard side, but it was not 100%...signed up for the 5km race on Saturday.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
