### [[DJ]]
Morning had kids in bed for a bit, called mom. Then got ready to go and watched a bit of the marathon on Berri.
Took the subway to Jean Drapeau. Went down to the river.
Threw some rocks in the water. Had a snack. Kids were a bit on edge. 
Theo having a pretty good time.
Petit Piknik with the kids and donna joined. Hung out until catching the boat to downtown/old montreal at 1:50pm. Then walked around with me being a bit annoying about where we could and couldn't get ice cream. I just hated the idea of spending $7 on a large scoop. 
Ended up going to the place we went to the previous week which was fine as they have a $3 mini cone, but I just wish we hadn't brought it up to the kids until we had a place picked out. Kids were getting REALLY tired - except, ironically, Theo, though I guess even if he didn't have a nap he had a really good night's sleep.

Then went to a park that was fine but a bit boring and got in an argument with a 10 year old Indian kid about taking the ball Amos was playing with. He claimed it was his which was hard to refute since it wasn't ours. But I kind of doubt it. Just a stupid dick kid move. I confronted him about basically being a dick to a little kid and his come back was "Is it because I'm brown?"

Incredible. Feels like we have entered a new and way worse era in some respects. I guess there are better things too but this is so insufferably lame. Though, again, I guess there is going to always be insufferability on some dimension.
### [[DW]]
Made the effort to explore and do new things today. Not that much came of it. I mean it was okay, but not a home run. I think that this is something interesting to consider about cities. The index of reward vs. effort/exploration. I feel like in Paris this was VERY high.

### [[CI]]
Let's get on a good schedule this week. More Literature.

### [[GMD]]
I did appreciate when Donna apologized, finally, after a day of just feeling frustrated and annoyed with her. 

### [[IMD]]
I was so frustrated this morning when Donna got up and went to the bathroom.
She left the door open so I was initially trying to decide which was worse to leave it open or to close it given that it squeaks (I should oil the hinge). But then she flushed and Rilka immediately woke up. And then I heard talking and was hoping that either Donna was telling her to go back to sleep or else sleeping with her. But no, she was bringing both kids to sleep in our bed which meant no more sleep. It was 6:30 so not totally insane but everyone had gone to sleep late the night before so it meant that, given they had slept to 7:20 the day before, that getting that again today would have been doable. Especially since Theo didn't wake up until after 7:30am.

Then later she asked if we were "okay" and I said I just had really needed to hear a straightforward genuine apology from her. But that still didn't work. Then she went into saying that she "could apologize for flushing the toilet" or she "could apologize for bringing the kids into our room" BUT that she didn't think it was fair that part of my complaint was based on the assumption that she had woken the kids up. 

Which you can of course argue. There is a chance that they were both just laying awake in bed. I think the chance is low. Yet even at that point Donna was insisting that the chance they were asleep and woken up was small. Wtf.
### [[NK]]
Sometimes Amos can be really nice to Theo - like giving him his water cup when he was crying today. Also I liked that Rilka had the idea that she wanted to do chalk outlines of each other at the park. And then of course wanted me to draw a purse on her outline.

### [[RT]]
I feel like this is an important week to get on top of things.

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that I am going to bed soon.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
