### [[DJ]]
Booked bike fondo with sven and austin with boys.
Called/emailed re: dyspraxia schools in Nice
Ordered new credit card
Continued web page clean up

### [[DW]]
Finally dug in a bit to the school support situation for Amos in France.

### [[CI]]
I feel like while I am being productive, generally, during my days, I do have too much squishy time where I don't really know what I "should" be doing, even if I would have a hard time making myself do it...

### [[GMD]]
Donna did seem grateful about getting to go running tonight. The gratitude is nice but I also find it a bit annoying. I would rather she just tried to do things to make up for it - or offered to do so.

### [[IMD]]
I was annoyed that Donna ate the rest of the tomato soup as I had just looked at it after dinner and remembered that I had it and planned to eat it for lunch tomorrow. But I think that I should have taken a gentler approach to lodging my "complaint". It felt like a defensive reaction. I think that I need to not react to the defensive reaction but try to analyze what in my communication style provoked this response.
### [[NK]]
I was solo with the kids after school and genuinely enjoyed it. It always ends up feeling a bit rushed in the end...and I feel like I am doing a bunch of "hurry up", but overall nice.

### [[RT]]
What is going on when Amos gets into one of his zany laughing modes where it is almost impossible to communicate with him. It's almost like there is a laughter virus that is controlling his body/actions. Also make me think about what the best situation is for him next year...

### [[Gratitude]]
I'm grateful that my running today was about where I was pre-sickness two weeks ago

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)

Non-fiction until noon
- Books
- New Yorker
- NYTimes
Pods 12-5
Fiction after 5