### [[DJ]]
Had my swimming "test" this morning. Francophone swimmers. Impressed curious about who these people are showing up at 6:20 in the morning to swim. Was worried about being slow but was actually the fastest in my lane (the second slowest lane I think)
Dropped kids off at school. Theo missing one mitt with just a think knit glove on that hand. -11. He was stoked to be at school and ran into his classroom which is great given that he was crying and inconsolable after the christmas break.
Not a very productive day. Did a bit of data analysis/visualization. Not really motivated. 
Spent 45 minutes looking into accommodation and bike rides in Austin for no good reason (i.e. really didn't have to do it then. Would have been good to do on the bike)
Need for that to change.
Had lunch with Donna. Mediocre dumplings at the dumpling house. How do they have a 4.7 star rating? 
Discussed AAC for Amos.
Then had an almost hour long meeting with a child psychiatrist (I think?) re: amos and his issues waking up crying in the night. I felt like the whole thing was a waste of time and was a bit surprised that Donna booked more meetings with her. Not sure what we will get out of that but perhaps I need to adopt a more open attitude.
Made tacos for dinner.
Did a bike ride. Heart rate was higher than it usually is.
Donna came in to show me how her heart rate was 178 today at practice and that she was proud of that because she couldn't work that hard on her own. I get it but also find it annoying. Was the goal of practice to go as hard as you can? I mean that is rarely the case.
### [[DW]]
Used openai pretty well to do some data viz. Emailed Alex as planned. Did some decent research on the bike re: apraxia/AAC.
### [[CI]]
Need to get back on a 46/14 schedule. Feels to will-o'-the-wisp right now...or maybe that is the wrong description. Just a bit rudderless.

### [[GMD]]
Her expressing her appreciation of her running but my enjoyment was how she was actually using and enjoying checking the data from her apple watch. Which I knew she would so it gives me the satisfaction of being "right".

### [[IMD]]
I noted that it is annoying when she puts the giant mixing bowl in the bottom rack of the dishwasher because it takes up almost all the space and is very easy/fast to just wash by hand. I could have probably taken a more diplomatic approach in my note.

### [[NK]]
Rilka and Amos were snuggled together in the top bunk under the covers when I finished my ride. Amos was laughing a lot. I appreciate that they genuinely seem to like each other and care about each other.

### [[RT]]
Just curious about how Amos will react to the AAC and to what degree that is under our control.

### [[Gratitude]]


---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
