### [[DJ]]
Running behind schedule. Need to get to bed. Had trouble sleeping last night and napping today.
Did get a bit of work done last night when up at night. Cleaned up my tabs.
Had a call with Edward Hu today which was nice. He was energetic and upbeat which is great. Definitely got the feeling that they are looking for software engineers...not amorphous computational social scientists...put me in touch with someone from MSR who seems fairly interesting, but nobody from OpenAI. Sounds like he had a good in from his time working at Microsoft.
### [[DW]]
Didn't push it and do my hard bike ride.

### [[CI]]
I think I could have done better in the call. Focussed more on my versatility? But not sure if that would have mattered to Ed...that seems like something more for an interview.

### [[GMD]]
She came in with a couple of requests before bedtime which I took well.

### [[IMD]]
Need to build in some daily connection time.

### [[NK]]
Amos wanted to be called Rilka in his story tonight. Gets a real kick out of calling people the wrong name. I guess there are only so many jokes you can make with his vocabulary. At the dinner table he was going back saying Mama, Papa and pointing at me and Donna, but then switched it to Papa, Mama, pointing at the wrong person and he found this hilarious.

### [[RT]]
Curious about the early intervention data for CAS...sometimes I feel like Amos is just not mature enough to make a real effort. But perhaps there is something else that is happening with all this practice now? 

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that Alex piped up and put the kibosh on the expensive hotel option Dave proposed. But also kind of was up for the splurge tbh. How many times are we going to all be hanging out together.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
