### [[DJ]]
Big morning nap. Still feel tired. Not much sleep either weekend day. Went out for nuit blanche. No analysis. No "real" work.

### [[DW]]
Was productive in an ancillary tasks perspective.

### [[CI]]
I think I need a LOT more sleep.
Less social media consumption.
### [[GMD]]
Was nice to have dinner with her tonight since it was an easy week for her track team.

### [[IMD]]
Just need to get to and have the conversation about France next year.

### [[NK]]
Amos was really into outer space tonight. Pretending to be an astronaut. Also was neat on the way home he saw a flock of birds flying in a V and pointed to them and said "Ay", as in the letter A. And I thought, yeah, that's true, yet I had never thought of it.

### [[RT]]
Amos is asking "why" a lot now - before it was just him lifting his palms and kind of shrugging his shoulders, which he still does, but now he has added "Aye"? Kind of like a pirate. Also I am still sometimes thinking about the 1% he scored on multiple categories on his assessment at McGill and am kind of impressed. Be in the tails of the distribution. But then I hear a speech therapist telling parents not to panic if their kid tests 50th percentile and I kind of have to laugh...but yeah...would I be more concerned if he seemed normal but was scoring 50th? 

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that I got the extra funding or else I would have been totally f-ed by the 8000 loss due to not getting the email re: the housing support.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
