### [[DJ]]
Up at 5:50. Wrote point form for intro to app chapter.
OpenAI letter and application
Call with Farhan
Call with Mom re: cat bday.
SLP with Sue at school

### [[DW]]
Wrote a decent letter to OpenAI

### [[CI]]
Didn't proofread said letter and included a short paragraph that had been for a google internship which really didn't make sense in the context of the letter and if they were to actually read it I think it would be a bit confusing.

### [[GMD]]
Was fun to tell her about the Andreesen Horowitz partner email.

### [[IMD]]
Should have followed up more re: her training as she seemed excited about it. Also her intern.

### [[NK]]
Not exactly neat but interesting/funny. Last night at around 9:30 I decided to peak into the kids' room to see what was up and found a scene of utter mayhem. Rilka and Amos were together in Rilka's bed with covers over them and paper and markers and books strewn everywhere, including all the tiles for a bananagrams game, and they were both drawing as I came in with crayola markers. The empty box for the markers was also in the bed with them. The floor was also COVERED with toys and assorted detritus. Trucks, dolls, books, all of the doll clothing from Aunt Mary K, tape, all the bags from the bag drawer, play money, I don't remember the full extent. I lost it, not entirely, but significantly. Both Rilka and Amos were crying and Donna came in to see what was going on. I made Amos help clean up and Donna helped put everything away. I then tried to do a bit of a repair given that they were both a bit shaken up. But tried not to make it an apology, but more of an explanation of how many rules they had broken and how this could NOT happen again. I am glad they didn't push me on that since I didn't have a good consequence in mind if they did.

### [[RT]]
Just curious how Amos hear's the words he attempts to say. Can he tell that they are "off"?

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that I didn't have to wait long for a treadmill at the gym tonight.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
