### [[DJ]]
Mezzanine meeting - found out that there is no way we are building this summer. Kind of a relief. But also feels like one more delay.
Got a quote back already from an architect saying 350-400k to build. Which seems insane. Would not do it at that price.
Easy ride while watching a bit of Bonnie and Clyde. Not great tbh.
The acting in general feels very "stage-y".
Did some writing. Finished the first draft of the intro.
Very little data analysis.

### [[DW]]
Got the Canadian number quickly and efficiently

### [[CI]]
This time of night can slip away quickly. Didn't get to core.

### [[GMD]]
Enjoyed the post permit office meeting call with Donna discussing the possibilities

### [[IMD]]
Again, no intentional together time tonight

### [[NK]]
Rilka was very sweet when she came to do a poop after going to bed - I was in the shower and she was very conscientious about where she should put the towel that I had set on top of hte toilet. Also funny last night how amos went to sleep clutching a wad of fake cash in one hand from his play wallet.

### [[RT]]
Funny how the kids have  managed their poop scheudles in such a way that they BOTH somehow almost always seem to have a poop about 30 minutes after being put down for the night.

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that mom is supportive of my point of view in terms of how to help amos with his speech.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
