### [[DJ]]
Did a bit of grading. Chat GPT not so helpful for this batch for whatever reason. Also find the grading rubric myself a bit worse. It is also just so little work? 

### [[DW]]
Glad I checked OpenAI and saw that the residency has opened up.

### [[CI]]
Evenings feel unproductive. Need to figure out what I can do with this time that IS useful or else just go to bed.

### [[GMD]]
Had a pretty good meeting with Lisa today. I feel like I am pretty articulate about expressing my feelings and interpretation of a situation. 

### [[IMD]]
Just in general need to be kinder. It is a bit like a recent tweet I saw that pointed out that people often don't need to be told what the right thing is to do when in a conflict with someone it is just that they are kind of afraid to. It feels like putting yourself out there.

### [[NK]]
Interesting how everyone has taken to saving/savoring their sesame snaps basically all the way to school. I am more surprised about Amos and Theo but they have all taken to doing it. For Amos it feels like it is a bit of a competitive thing...for Theo just trying to be like the big kids?

### [[RT]]
Had a call with my mom today. Very much pushing for Amos to go to school at McKay. I think that people are thinking of it as a panacea. It has the appearance of that. I don't really see that as the case. And we still haven't talked to other parents that have kids going there - especially those in Amos' position. I think the loss of French is more significant than maybe given weight to as well. It means that he can't "rejoin" Rilka in a regular school at some point - or it would be very difficult. Once he gets a certain level of French perhaps we can maintain...but seems to soon to end it. I also feel like I still have so little idea of the bounds of Amos' cognitive abilities. He surprises me in both directions sometimes. But the positive surprises may be based on a reduced baseline. If Rilka had noticed some birds flying in a V and said it looked like an A I would have been mildly impressed but not given it that much thought. When Amos did it I was pretty astonished.

### [[Gratitude]]
Theo is crying a bunch tonight which just makes me grateful that he has been so good about sleeping in general after some rough periods. Maybe it is over but I still appreciated the run of putting him down and immediately him going to sleep with zero complaint and then sleeping usually at least until 7am that has been going on for the past 6 months plus or so.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
