### [[DJ]]
Genevieve cancelled the day before our session so I had a bit of extra time this morning. Did I use it well? Not sure. I finished my cover letter to Google and sent off my application. I think I just need to keep the momentum on this. Something will eventually hit. I do also need to increase the creativity and boldness with which I proceed.

### [[DW]]
Had some productive analysis time pre-bedtime.
Had a good bike ride.

### [[CI]]
Just need to be more rigorous about time. It's hard. 

### [[GMD]]
I was really eager to have Donna listen to some cycling commentary for a race I was watching where the race was quite dull and conversation was totally bonkers, just about robot baboons that were aero or something? I am still not sure what it was about but they went on about it for a good couple of minutes.

### [[IMD]]
Don't exaggerate the degree to which I have unmet/un-responded requests/messages on Slack/email/iMessage

### [[NK]]
Amos was so happy and affectionate when I came to pick him up from daycare. And he went around and gave all of the other kids and Oona's mom a hug on his way out. It wasn't exactly reciprocated by the other kids but they also didn't seem bothered by it.
### [[RT]]
Who is more selfish? Donna or I? How would that be measured?

### [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful that I am so capable and able to think non-linearly in ways that are often productive.

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
