### [[DJ]]
Got up at 5:50am again. Probably got over 7 hours of sleep. Not bad not amazing.
Did a bit of actual analysis work. But really, just a bit.
Had a long call with Farhan at 11.
Took a long nap. Could have been much longer but worried about being to rested to fall asleep.
Maybe 4-5 hours of "schoolwork". Not bad. Writing went well.
But still far from having something significant to show Cendri on Friday.
Did a bit of work prepping for OpenAI call.

### [[DW]]
Started journaling right at 8:30 when Freedom kicked in.

### [[CI]]
Minimal progress on Analysis. Should at least set out roadmap so I feel like I know what NEEDS to be done. Kind of like I did with Farhan today.

### [[GMD]]
Donna came in last night to apologize for being defensive re: tomato soup incident. I also apologized for being accusatory. 

### [[IMD]]
When Donna came home she wanted to complain/vent right away and I wasn't really in a mood to hear it since she was late. But those are moments when being a bit generous and giving the person what they want probably has outside benefits.

### [[NK]]
Amos set up the sleeping pad that he likes to use as his "dance floor" and then set a chair at one end. I asked if he wanted me to turn on music but he said no, wait for Rilka. But NOT Theo.  He is also very insistent that I take my socks off before dancing on the sleeping pad.

### [[RT]]
It is a bit odd how Amos repeats things so much, especially when assigning "ownership" or identity to a thing or an image. Like tonight when it was time for bed he proffered a loonie since Donna started a coin flip strategy for who gets first bedtime story/hugs. He then repeatedly (maybe 5 times) pointed to each side and said "Mine" (me), "Ilka" (Rilka). After the first time I indicated that I understood but he kept going back and forth. This is pretty common behavior.
### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that I am no longer sick!

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
