### [[DJ]]
Daily journal

### [[DW]]
Did well

### [[CI]]
Could improve

### [[GMD]]
Good moment with Donna

### [[IMD]]
I am having feelings that I want to get to the bottom of with Donna. I feel like there is a rotten foundation to our relationship, based off of how we acted and treated each other in the past...mostly when we technically weren't together.

I find myself thinking about just getting out of this whole thing. Which seems daunting on many levels. And possibly lonely. Quite possibly. And I don't know if that is really what I want or just some sort of emotional overreaction. Or if I am in fact under-reacting and have been kind of gaslighting myself with the idea that I am doing what I want to be doing with my life.

I think that is a large part of the current angst. Figuring out what is next. These transitions are tricky times. But important. I want to be as honest as I can with myself about what I value and enjoy and am good at and tend to spend my time doing and in which context I thrive and then to try to create or join a situation that matches that.

I think that is the trick. Figure out a true interest, or an interest/direction that is aligned with a core value, and then set out. 

What I would like to say to Donna is:
- Why don't you take my suggestions as a seasoned cyclist to heart? If I make a suggestion it is because I think that it is worthwhile, so it is a bit confusing and hurtful when you aren't open to it. 
- I am confused when you start talking about your swim schedule and are planning it out completely without discussing with me? We had talked about using the triathlon training as a means to connect and had even looked up pool schedules together and now you are just scheduling in swim sessions without checking in at all with me? Why?
- I feel a bit hurt when you start indicating how much you would like to run with you team on Monday nights. The clear message is that you would rather run with the team than spend time with us, which we went through in the fall. It seemed to me that we came to a compromise but now it feels like you want to remind me that you never liked this compromise. The subtext I read from your comments is that you don't feel like it is a fair request/expectation. 
- I feel hurt when you don't check slack - I have asked you repeatedly to do this and I still find things sitting for days unanswered. You said at one point that you would check once a day in the evenings. I would really appreciate it if you could commit to this. Sometimes I am posting things that are time sensitive and other times I am posting things that I just think are fun/interesting and am excited to get your response/feedback.

### [[NK]]
Neat kids

### [[RT]]
I have been thinking about my tendency to be a bit of a dilettante. To try to do a bunch of different things and google what "events" of interest might be happening and what the top books are and adding all of this filler to my life that has some objective (?) value but which might not really be aligned with my "focus". As I write this down it starts to feel a bit silly. I think what I am trying to get at is the tendency to amuse ourselves to the point of distraction and how that can even be the case if the amusements are meaningful and interesting. For example attending the Flaherty documentary film program week was great and fun but I was not like the people who were presenting their work there where this was completely aligned with their work and goals.

I feel like I am just throwing things into the wind to a certain degree. Rather than coming up with a blueprint, a frame, a skeleton, and then trying to build it out.

Perhaps it is not the only building project but there should be actual projects. It's like shopping for furniture when you don't have a home. You can pick out something nice but what are you going to do with it and how does it fit in to the rest of your home?

In some respects the last 7 years feel a bit like lost years. Not a lot of accomplishment. The learning probably could have been compressed into 2 years. Maybe 3. And spending all this time in Toronto and Vancouver and now Montreal (which I can at least imagine coming back to but am less enthusiastic about now, partly because I have a family).

### [[Gratitude]]


---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)
