### [[DJ]]
Did not analysis today.
Talked with Heba a new RA who will potentially be helping with the battery so that felt like progress getting her set up.
Made good progress on the Poster Recommender.
Was up early with the kids - Theo started crying at 6:30 and Amos had a lot of wake ups going to sleep last night
Slept 6:14 last night. Want to go over 7 tonight
Napped a bit today.
Recovery day from training.
### [[DW]]
Made a good dinner at the last minute.

### [[CI]]
Do some effing analysis and get on track.

### [[GMD]]
Appreciated that donna responded to some slack messages in a timely way today. Also that she fixed the au galop book.

### [[IMD]]
Was annoyed with her this morning when she let Theo get his doudou - she slept through the whole morning prep and in some ways it was easier. Then she gets up and made things (imo) more difficult. I didn't do a good job in tone/words of expressing the frustration.

### [[NK]]
Rilka is so into "girly" things. Recalling how she was vamping and making pouty faces in the mirror at Jeff's the other weekend. Then the other day she was talking about how she is a "pretty girl". Makes me shake my head and also cringe a bit. Why does it have to be this way??

### [[RT]]
Would the best option be to go somewhere VERY cheap and arbitrage a really nice life with a one on one person for Amos to homeschool him?

### [[Gratitude]]
Grateful that Donna seems to have accepted leaving montreal for France

---
- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Typing practice
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Read 10
- [ ] Sing practice
- [ ] Activate glutes
- [ ] Enter Weight/Rate/Type
---

[Rating/Weight/Typing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p6cinTqipnxyiSCgPBAWp2cAHA5q6P0NL58bNCxedCY/edit#gid=0)

## Alex Call
Feedback on Poster Finder
Ideas for job search
Thinking through locations going forward...
