# 1 Year Since Rilka/Amos Conception
#writing


Dear Donna,

Lately, I’ve been writing monthly letters to a couple of highly ordered collections of cells that have a complete incomprehension of the concept. Or of pretty much any concept. 

Though it is hard to comprehend, I have it on pretty good authority that one day, in the not too distant future, this will change. 

When I try to understand our kids’ behaviour right now I reach for the analogy of data cleaning. In the sequence of input->processing->output, they are still on step one, trying to separate sights, sounds and sensations and working to develop their systems of interoception, exteroception and proprioception. They are also trying to learn some sort of rudimentary programming language they can run on their operating system. I liken it to someone who doesn’t even know what a computer *is*, being put in front of a laptop that only runs terminal. It’s hard to know what you can actually “do” from that screen, and exploration via random banging on the keys is going to be very slow going. Eventually you may realise that the “enter” key makes something “happen”. Though that “happening” is most likely simply going to be an error message, over and over again. Except, eventually, there will be a time that you randomly hit “ls”, followed by enter. And suddenly something different occurs. But, of course, you don’t remember what you did to make this happen. As you can see, this is, inevitably, a bit of a slog. And, even once they succeed in developing some programming basics (with a bit of peeking at their parents’ screens), the next trick is even more complicated: to *combine* their data and budding programming skills to develop a rudimentary model of their world. Probably a pretty wrong one. Which will lead to a lot of pretty wrong actions.

In the meantime their parents are trying to figure out the odds that 3 random passengers on an elevator in a 10 story building will press buttons for 3 consecutive floors. So I guess they have that to look forward to some day, once they get this data/programming/modeling stuff down.

It’s perhaps a bit obvious to point out that there are many changes ahead for two four month old infants. They are change incarnate. But what about us?

Sunday, November 11. That is the date that we think it happened. The beginning of them, and the inevitable “change” of us. It was a cloudy with sunny breaks day in Toronto, with humidity fluctuating between 55 and 71%, a low of -2 and a high of 3. It was the centennial of the armistice. Dan Crenshaw, Boston College Football, and Teddy Geiger were trending on Twitter. For reference Teddy Geiger is an American singer-songwriter who has sold over 50 million units worldwide. I’d never heard of her until now. Dan Crenshaw is a politician and former navy SEAL. I’m not going to bother digging into what they were up to a year ago that was of such interest. We were in the process of living a white lie, having told our doctor, Dan Nayot, that I was away in Chicago on a work trip in order to avoid having them trigger before the weekend. Our thinking was that they were probably being a bit risk averse in trying to avoid higher risk multiple pregnancies, but for us the risk of not getting pregnant was weighted more heavily. And plus, we both, I think, kind of liked the idea of multiples. Well, of one multiple.

And it happened. And I was delighted. Though it was a special kind of delight. The delight that goes with getting something you want that means you need to now radically change your world. A bit of the old hello/goodbye.

I remember the call so clearly. And I remember when I hung up thinking that I was glad that this was happening with someone who would think to present the information in two foreign languages (German and Spanish) using a robotic voice. I thought that this boded well for the type of parenting partnership I was hoping to be a part of. To be clear, I’m still figuring out exactly what that “type” is, but I know some of the elements it surely contains, which include a sense of humour, curiosity, and a willingness to experiment, both with them, and with us.

While July 13th was a very step function change type of day, there have been many less temporally compressed changes that led up to both the day, and even the decision to attempt to have the “day”. Roger talks about our moving in together as the start of a new period. I think this makes sense, as a marker, but also because it coincides with when we began seeing Roger. Which was, in turn, part of acknowledging that we had issues in our relationship that we needed to address, if we wanted it to grow in a healthy direction. I appreciate that you were willing both to work on this with me, and that you have been so patient with many of my foibles. And lets admit that foible is  an overly cute word for what it portends. It is kind of like having your salary garnished. It sounds much nicer than it is. But working together on this made me feel closer to you. And it made me also realise how much untapped potential there is between us once we work all this foible business. Which we, slowly (I think), are.

Going forward it is clear that the changes will continue. However, now we have added additional variables into the equation. Turning a tractable 2 body problem into a totally intractable 4 body problem, in the course of 2 minutes on July 13, or 10 minutes on November 11, 2018. Going forward we may as well just sit back and enjoy, seeing as we are aware of the intractability of the problem…
