# Donna 1/2 BDay
#writing 

Dear Donna,

40.5. A great weight for a cyclist. Also a great age. Not this day, specifically (though not not this day - just not only this day), but this time period feels like it is opening up in interesting ways.

It reminds me of our kids, to a degree. What I mean is that they are both completely unformed and unknown/unknowable, while at the same time locked into their genetic predeterminants in a way that is both amazing and a bit spooky. How is it possible that Amos got a “good nature” gene?

But back to my (admittedly shaky) analogy. 

They are about to go through a phase change of sorts in the next few months, as they both start walking and talking. It will be the beginning of a new way of interacting with the world, albeit it one that is intimately connected to the semi-random combination of genes that arranged themselves over a year and a half ago. And while they will be making their way through the world along a completely unique path, they will be porting those those genes (and the blessings and curses they may entail), along with them for every step.

The next few months also seems like a point in time that you will be able to look back on at some future moment and say, “there”. That was when I made the decision that led me “here”. Wherever here may be. Of course it will not be one decision, and there will be a multitude of “there’s” and some that are less well defined than a single moment, but it feels like a period of formation. Of a career, of a life, of the next segment of your path. 

And the neat thing, or at least the thing that I am calling the “neat thing” (and I do believe it is a “neat” thing), is that it feels like everyone in our family is in their own period of formation all at the same time. I don’t think that this is all that common in families, especially today. And while it probably doesn’t make all aspects of life easier, I do think that it will make many aspects better. And if not better, than at least more interesting. Which I do think is better.

Much of my enthusiasm for this upcoming time period is tightly entwined with my enthusiasm for you, and us, and specifically the us that has been emerging over the past couple of years as we gingerly and awkwardly and clumsily try and open up to each other, and listen to each other, and understand each other, and care for each other. And now with two more others. Whose actions and interactions kind of remind me of our own attempts at building our relationships. Lots of inadvertent pokes and some head pats that could stand to be a bit gentler, but with something behind them that warms the heart, and something ahead of them that tickles the imagination.

I appreciate you. I admire you. I am so glad you are the person I am flipping back and forth on the plane with between our two dramatically different children.

Daniel