Today may have been the roughest so far. It's one thing to have an epic failure, to plow into an iceberg full bore, but it is another to just fail on so many levels. 
- had an argument with Donna last night
	- about whether or not I had said something in a previous conversation that didn't have any relevance to the current conversation or really to any possible future conversations. We both really dug in until she pointed out that I had gotten the unit number of our address for our Vancouver apartment wrong by 2 digits in the (in my opinion) heartfelt letter I had written to Theo for his first birthday that night.
- the birthday party itself was minor chaos - running home with Amos on my shoulders while pushing the stroller with Theo and holding a large package (who knew several dozen chocolate batons for pain au chocolate could occupy such a large volume?) under one arm. This left know hands for holding Amos and he has balance issues when just walking normally. When possible I would push the stroller ahead and jog a few steps while grabbing one of Amos's legs in order to secure him a bit better. The looks of passers by were a mixture of varying degrees of concern, horror and confusion. I still had to get the tart I wanted for the birthday cake and arrived at the bakery below our apartment at 5:24. I thought that Theo's bday was at 5:26 so I then carried everything up the stairs and burst into the living room and fired up a facetime call with Donna and Nana. They informed me that I had actually told them 5:36, so I then blew up a few balloons and miraculously tracked down some matches that I have been carrying around for about 8 years (they are from a restaurant, Lilia, in Brooklyn that had the same name as Steve-o's daughter but which I have never gotten around to actually giving him - and which now are missing a match). Amos did not succeed in blowing out the candle - I haven't been working with him on blowing as I should be - still have buying a straw to blow bubbles in milk etc. on my mental list where it has been for the last several weeks. I also forgot to make a wish myself which made me surprisingly sad/mad. Then I was a bit short with the kids in front of Donna and my mom/nana which I don't think actually is a fair representation of how patient I have generally been with them. Then Amos of course wants to eat the apple tart but he has not yet had dinner.
- During the conversation with Donna I started drinking a bottle of red wine - by the evenings end I have finished the bottle and eaten a whole Lindt dark chocolate bar which I told myself I should eat 2 squares of, 4 max.
- I was/am still sick. Very fatigued. Cumulative but also illness related. Laid down for a nap last week when first getting sick and slept 5 hours. Head ache is now low grade but constant.
**This morning**
- Babysitter cancels - no bike ride. All Amos all day.
- Kids mercifully sleep in to 7:20
	- Decide to skip breakfast for Amos and me - just some OJ and Theo slams his bottle then bundle him up and we head to daycare with Amos on my shoulders since I forgot the stroller extension/glider board
- Head home
	- Amos finally after days of not eating any oatmeal half finishes his oatmeal
- Check email
	- Missing documents for school inscription for Rilka
		- one that is the same I provided for Amos inscription
	- Also an email about wednesday activities saying that they probably don't have enough places but to email another person in charge
		- update they don't have places. You can renew if you have already been going but otherwise you are just on a wait list. we are on a wait list.
	- Two emails from osap. The first saying funding calculated and I should get about 2500 in Jan. Then a second (same day) that says funding was recalculated and I should get 0.
	- Ludotheque where we planned to go emails to say they will be exceptionellment ferme
		- exceptional.
- Check schedule
	- Fuck, today is Theos' vaccination. 11am. Not sure how I didn't notice that earlier this week.
	- Call the daycare - they are not thrilled about the short notice and also let me know that I cannot bring him BACK to the creche after that. 
	- Means I would have to finish up in time (11am appt.) to make it across town for Amos' SLP session at noon. Seems like a stretch. Plus both are super snotty and coughing and the first session at the SLP that Theo attended was kind of a disaster. I email to let Maria know and suggest resechduling. She agreees.
- Weigh myself on the way out for the first time since coming to France. 77kg. Not great. Cheese chocolate and wine weight. The heavier end of where I have been the last years.
- Forget the glider board again. Put amos on my shoulders and hustle across town. Arrive 2 min ahead of schedule but without our carnet du sante. I had forgotten that there was a record of theo going to the PMI with donna in March. So he must have been given one. But they basically can't do a vaccination without a record of his previous vaccinations which immediately makes total sense. What little thought I had given it had been to just think of it as him getting his 11 month vaccines, kind of like an oil change. Who cares what happened before. I didn't even attempt to find a record before going - and when there I try to remember how I got him into the creche as they surely must have required a document
- I don't have the documents on notion...and vaguely remember a BC booklet of health/vaccines. I find it right away once I get home.
- We just take theo's measurements. His weight is in the 8th percenetile and his head in the 74th but I missed the height measurement. 
- When I explain that Amos has a twin and my partenr is in Montreal eveyrone is kind of confused and points out that my life must be very complicated. It's true. And perhaps has never felt more true.
- They also notice that both kids have super snotty noses and ask if I have been cleaning them. I say a bit sheepishly that they clean Theo's nose at daycare and that Amos can blow his nose into a kleenex. Both are half truths. They have told me on occasion that they cleaned theo's nose and Amos can KIND of blow into a kleenex but I still feel like I am failing some sort of test. Then they help me - I meant they do it, I just help them hold down the screaming kids) do both Theo and Amos's noses (that day at naptime they are both breating more freely through their noses than they have in about a week). Then they inform me that I should be doing this "like 10 times a day". 
- I am so far behind in my schoolwork I don't even want to look at how far behind I am
	- I have collaborators that must be wondering wtf is goign on. Luckily some of them seem pretty lax too - but ideally I would be providing some sort of motivation. For the RAs I am over a week late with jupyter notebooks I promised two days after a call...

Dec 16
- Just had last meeting with our relationship counsellor last night
	- with 3 minutes left he suggested we talk about Donna's latent concern that I might leave the relationship
		- based on ski trip in 2020 when we were both drinking and had a big argument and I stated that the way Donna was behaving was the reason I sometimes felt like we would not be able to stay together
	- brought up fact that there were a number of core latent "issues" in our relationship (which is common)...wish we had kind of started with that - trying to nail down what those issues are in order that we had an awareness and could also work on them
- Approaching 6:30. Theo has been crying since 5:50. Not hard, but pretty consistently. I am taking a new approach where I just let him cry until 6:45. Maybe I should just make it 7 today. Maybe I will ramp it up slowly. Amos in the meantime has been totally silent. Theo is really making life hard these days.
	- Last night slept 90 minutes. Was up a bit late doing some work and then before I could fall asleep Amos started crying - he tends to cry when he has to go to the bathroom. After a few minutes when it was clear he was not going to stop I went in to get him. His crying had awoken Theo however and when Theo saw me go in to get Amos he started crying HARD. 
		- I decided to keep Amos in my bed in order not to re-spark harder crying from Theo - who was no crying constantly - by re-entering the room.  but that went poorly ... Theo just kept crying and Amos fell asleep and started continually leaning into me and coughing in my face (I had the edge of a sore throat/cough which could go either way but would REALLY benefit from some sleep) and wrapping his arms and legs around me which was sweet except that it made it impossible to sleep. As it approached 3am Theo finally stopped crying and I picked Amos up and put him into his bed. When putting him down he was still half asleep but reached up to give me a really strong hug around the neck which was hard to pull away from partly just because he was holding on so strongly.
		- After this I still couldn't sleep. Got up to do some work and got to sleep around 4 am and Theo woke up again at 5:28. This was the first time of moving from the approach of giving him a bottle when he woke up early and trying to get him to go back to sleep to just letting him cry until 6:45
- Amos had been hitting at school. This past Tuesday when I picked Amos up I was told that he at one point had grabbed the hair of a "copain" and pulled it - but (they clarified) not just pulled it held on and not let go. They explained they basically ran over as quickly as they could and had to pry his fingers off of the other kids hair.
	- Makes me sad to hear this sort of thing. At the park the other day he got riled up and started yelling in the direction of a kid. I hadn't seen anything happen but it seemed like something had...and Amos's only recourse was to turn toward the kid and make and angry yell. He couldn't tell me what had happened. He couldn't tell the kid to knock it off. Even if he was feeling these things.
- Set up the Advent calendar diorama on his own and been really playing a lot with setting the characters (adding his own cars often) on the the scene - which is one of an industrial fire (Playmobil style). He will just lie in front of it and play
- He has started doing a lot more of the gestures in the songs he watches on youtube now - we did the wheels on the bus together yesterday.
- He broke a bottle/jar of marmelade at the grocery store yesterday pulling his cart around. Kind of can't believe it hadn't already happened/happened more often
- So hard to know what is happening at school. Yesterday was a big christmas celebration (we got an email and a note in their correspondance notebooks that asked us to bring in an "industrial" treat...I was trying to figure out that specific request - was it to avoid having people spend tons of money at a fancy bakery? Or for health/safety reasons to avoid home cooking?). But I would never have known about the celebration without this correspondance. Amos didn't attempt to bring it up in any way. I asked if Santa was there and he nodded and did his "oh oh oh" sound. Also did his crying action - I asked if he found santa scary and he nodded vigorously. He did indicate that he had eaten a lot of cake and did not have much of an appetite at dinner time
	- untile right before dinner when he went to his plate that he had barely touched and was still on the table and started scarfing down his ebly ratatouie melange
- Sessions with Maria this week were pretty good. She seemed well prepared. But Amos was a little bit less enaged than he had been at previous sessions. I am so impatient for him to make progress.
- When pressed to make a sound seems like he loses the ability to distinguish between different sounds and just goes to a default ma-ma or ba-ba even if you are asking for an oh...
- Still working on "more" each night with the Petit suisse
	- song lyrics: petit suisse, petit suisse, don't want to miss (pronounced meese) my petit suisse...and petit suisse petit suisse, what is this (prononounced theese) - oh its my petit suisse, etc.
	- last night was the first night he didn't finish it which made me think he really must have eaten a lot at school
Dec 28
- First interaction of the day with Amos is whisper yelling at him to "turn the light off". Last night at around 9pm I had whisper yelled a great deal when I came up to discover that he had turned both bedside lamps on, thrown a pillow into the makeshift sleep area of Theo along with one of the bedside lamps he had turned on.  It then took a while to get to a point where I felt like I had mostly undone the trauma of the whisper yelling which in included telling him how proud I was of him and his talking (which got him excited and wanting to practice babbling) and also his hand-braking on his bike. He had one fairly serious crash a few days back but other than that has been remarkably good on the bike. The morning whisper yell came after lying on the floor in Merine's bedroom (does she share it with Rob?) trying to get my back to relax/release where I have a painful knot on the lower left side from leaning over changing  Theo's diaper. I can see many stars through the glass door to the balcony. I wonder if the alien civiliazations out there have children with such long lasting and trying emotional needs. For a moment Theo stops crying. I feel like the tension in my back releases 