# 2 Month Birthday
#writing


Dear Amos and Rilka,

As I begin writing this letter you have just crossed the 8 week threshold. Or 5 weeks corrected. We’re not sure exactly how to “date” you, and whether there should be variation in the dating methodology based on the feature of interest. In any case, you are effectively twice the “outside” age as you were when I last wrote to you. I want to have a separate celebration when we reach your 1 year inside/outside combined age. That will be on November 11th, if my calculations are correct.

Much has happened in the past month. Both for you and for us. Let’s look at some highlights.

1. First Flight
On September 3rd (and 4th, as we arrived well after midnight), you took your first flight. We left 244 Thomas Ct., where Donna’s father and step-mother live, and took a jam-packed SUV ride to the Air Canada terminal at Pearson airport. Heading to the check in counter we had two carts, plus a two baby stroller, plus an extra bag we had to roll. I had seen families traveling like this before and always experienced a brief “what a nightmare” feeling. To be honest, like most things, once it becomes your reality it loses its nightmare quality, as your baseline gets totally shifted. I was actually mildly impressed with how lightly we had packed, all things considered. We had 6 items to check in (two car seats, the stroller, a duffel bag, a suitcase, and my bike bag), much to the delight of those waiting behind us in the line. I felt like things were off to a good start as the check in attendant did not charge us for any of them. I’m not sure if this was on purpose, but when we were finished and she still hadn’t asked for payment, I asked “Is that it?”, credit card in hand. “You’re good to go.” was her response. It took us a minute to “go” as we first had to cart the stroller, car seats, and bike bag over to oversize baggage and put you both in your Baby Bjorn carriers (which we also had to figure out how to use). Amos spent a short amount of time in a baggage tray while this was getting sorted out. 

After security, where we now found ourselves exempt from all liquid restriction rules, we stopped by the Plaza Premium lounge for some food and a pump by Donna. During this time I also went on a short, unsuccessful search for baby formula, in the terminal one airside concourse. There was, to my genuine surprise, none to be had. The reason for the search was due to the fact that in all of the bags we had taken with us, 6 checked and 5 carry on, we had left the diaper bag behind. I had to call your grandmother to request that she pick up some ready-made formula, some diapers, and some wipes for you guys. This minor hiccup was slightly exacerbated by the fact that it had started to lightning and thunder in Toronto, which put flights on hold. In the end we left over two hours behind schedule, but, amazingly, after both feeding during take off you both slept for the entire flight, for the landing and disembarkment, for the drive home, and were placed, still asleep, in your car seats, in your aunt Catherine’s old room, which Nana had made up for you.  

2. Growth
Your cells have continued to rapidly divide at much more than a replacement rate. This past Sunday we saw a two week old baby, Freddy, and I was quite surprised to see how SMALL he was. And yet he was over 50% larger than Rilka was when she was born (he was just over seven and a half pounds). Somehow, in a scant two months, it has become difficult to conceive of the July 13 versions of Rilka and Amos. This realization has made me want to pay attention to you with greater intensity, if that is possible. Your grandmother noted that your eyes seemed much more “open” than before. This led to a not terribly funny joke that this was how life worked, your eyes just keep getting wider and wider open, and then you die. I know, not terribly funny, but you have to keep in mind that none of us were getting a lot of sleep a this point. Also, it led to us listening to Frank Sinatra’s song, “That’s Life”, which we found quite entertaining. Though your mom later revealed to me that she didn’t think Sinatra’s singing was anything special. I suppose you two will be able to make up your own opinion on that one of these days. The point I am trying to make, however, is that I feel like we need to keep our own eyes wider and wider open to take you, and all your changes, in.

3. Behaviour 
Not only are your eyes wider open, and more alert than a month ago, but you are so much stronger. This means you are much better at escaping from swaddles, and Amos has greatly increased the force with which he bonks his head into your neck/chest/shoulder/face when he is in a burping position but doesn’t feel like he is quite done eating. When we give you stomach-time these last days, you are able to actually push yourself up with your arms and lift your head all the way up to look out upon the world. 
Your sounds have also diversified. Some have just gotten stronger or morphed a bit, like Amos’s squeak/sigh/gasp sound when hungrily feeding, or Rilka’s cry, which she has been turning into a very effective piercing shriek/yowl combo. At some points it even sounds like you are making the first attempts at communicative sounds, which is neat. It is still hard to fathom that you both, almost completely helpless and uncomprehending of the world, will be making jokes and running around in just a couple of short years.

4. Caribou River
There is something nice in a very “circle of life” way about taking you to the place where I grew up, and the home where I was born and spent my own two month birthday. And my actual “birth” day. On our way home from the airport we drove down the causeway where Winston Makhan, a family friend and the doctor who delivered me, walked in the pouring rain, early on Boxing Day morning of 1977, trying to get to Pictou in order to hitch a ride to your labouring grandmother. Of course I don’t remember that, just as you won’t remember this particular trip down the causeway. It does make me wonder about which trip across the causeway you will remember? And will the pulp and paper plant still be operating at that time? And will your grandmother still live in the house where I was born and grew up? As you can see, futures are hard to peer into with any great clarity. What is clear is that there is something special about nursing/feeding you on the couch which sits on the spot in the house where I was born, some 41 years previous. Something special about looking at my baby book as we start to put together your baby books, and imagining my mother and father thinking about what they were going to write for me the way your mother and I have been thinking about what we write for you. Something special about watching your grandmother care for you with such kindness, and imagining her caring for me the same way, before this whole life she has lived in the interim “happened”. 


So that was month two, or at least some highlights from it. Wrapping up this letter I am excited and curious to imaging what I will be writing next month. When we will be on an entire other continent. And you will have a bunch of entirely new cells and thoughts and experiences. 

Until then.

Love, your dad,
Daniel
