# 3 Month Birthday
#writing


Dear Amos and Rilka,

Each of your monthly birthdays have now been written in different locations. I realize this as I look out the window of our apartment in Belleville, Paris, down rue Julien Lacroix, and on to the trees at the end of the street, in the Parc du Belleville, that are just beginning to turn yellow. Your mother has just returned from a bakery, where she got me a quiche, as well as our daily baguette. Right now it is ten minutes before your 11 am feed, and you both seem like you are revving up for it. Amos is making a wide assortment of grunts and sighs, as well as occasional throat catch cries, and the fast breathing that signals that the “hunger impatience” is beginning to take hold. 

The hunger impatience seems to be, mostly, a trait carried by Amos’ genes, I suppose we can assume, seeing as he/you have had it since the very early days. It manifests as a distraught cri du couer whenever a bottle is removed (for a burp, for wiping up dripping milk) before your hunger has been sated. The reaction doesn’t seem to be affected by the experience of always receiving more milk after these brief pauses. Though, to be fair, in recent days you have not always received more milk.

If our sleep training plan functions as laid out, this will be the last letter that I write in which you are still doing night feeds. Right now you are at 135ml at night, which you both drink very quickly, and without any real indication of being sated. After that we soother you and place you back into bed, in the hopes that you will quickly go back to sleep. Usually, this actually does happen, and you have been making it very close to 7am these days, though often with one additional “soothering” (auto correct changed that to “smothering”). The trick is that every three days we reduce the amount by 15ml. This means that Monday night you will be at 120. And it will keep going down from there. We, your mother and I, are both very curious to see how that unfolds.

In the meantime you may find it interesting to learn that your parents are eating quite well, expanding their culinary intake to multiple restaurant trips per week and fresh baguettes and pastries every day. You, in fact, joined us on a restaurant outing, this past week. I believe it was your first experience of a restaurant meal. It took place at Le Cadoret, a restaurant close to our apartment that was recommended to us by a friend. Amos was laid out on the bench seat, while I kept Rilka on my chest in a baby Bjorn. It went surprisingly well. You both spent the time quiet and mostly sleeping, and I only dropped one scoop of pudding onto Rilka’s head and hair.

Your quietness is perhaps attributable to the fact that you had just come from your first public pool experience. We had taken you to the children’s pool at Pailleron sports center, where you had also kindly remained quiet at check in where we told the first fib about your age - that you were, in fact, four months old. You pulled it off swimmingly, and we proceeded to the change room where we outfitted you in your swimming diapers and red, much too large, fabric bathing caps. There were three different pools for kids. We spent our time in the largest one, and you spent your time mainly staring into space with various expressions of mild concern. 

You also have had additions and subtractions of important people in your life since your last birthday. You said goodbye to your grandmother, Rita, at the Halifax airport on October first. She was the first face you saw every day for a month. And there are now two new faces you are seeing a lot of: Sally, and Fyrial. In particular, Sally, as she is coming by every weekday from 3-7pm to feed and care for you. She is from Peru and sings songs in Spanish to you, and plays with you really nicely. It is interesting communicating with her as our Spanish is pretty mediocre and her French is in its early days. But it’s clear that she is kind and you seem captivated by her whenever we are home at the same time she is. Fyrial is doing evening shifts a couple times each week, so just puts you down to bed. While we are out she gives us the pee/poop/sleep time update. Last night, while we were attending the opera Garnier, watching La Traviatta, I was delighted to learn, during the second act, that Amos had chugged 190, while Rilka had gone for 200 and “pipi et caca”.

These large feeds (Amos had a record 258 ml in one go this past week - which makes it feel so long ago that we were struggling to get you to do 30ml…) have been having their effect. Amos, at the last weigh-in, a week ago, was 13.2 pounds, and Rilka 12.3. This means you have moved through premie, newborn, and 1, up to diaper size 2 (granted European diapers run slightly smaller). And while you had started to smile a bit before leaving Nova Scotia, you are now doing so on a daily basis. While sometimes it seems like you are smiling at us, mostly you seem to be appreciating some inner world (or perhaps the wall?). Last night while I was putting Rilka down after your 3am feed, Amos even laughed in his sleep. How badly would I love to know the joke that spawned this reaction. 

Aside from your three month birthday, and weigh-in and measurement day, today is a full moon, and your planned first horse race outing. So the firsts keep on coming. And we are truly grateful to have the time that we do to experience these first with you. I wish that I could read the letter I will write to you next month, now, so that I could get excited about the new things you will do, and experience. It is one minute before your birth Rilka. Two for you Amos. Happy birthday.

Love,
Dad
