# 5 Month Birthday
#writing 

Dear Rilka and Amos,

I realised that I began my previous letters with “Dear Amos and Rilka”, so I am switching it up this time. I think that it was probably an unconscious nod to alphabetical order. Or perhaps just the fact that Amos is slightly easier to say than Rilka. In any case, I am remedying it this month. 

I don’t, on a purely rational level, think this is the type of thing worth the release of even a single neurotransmitter, let alone an entire thought. But it is, I have to admit, the type of thing I could imagine a younger version of myself noticing. I was **very** into fairness, or at least my own personal perception of fairness, as a kid.

As I write this I can hear you, Amos, crying during your 10:30am feeding. My guess is that your mother paused the feed to try and burp you and, even though you are burped during every single feed, and every single time after being burped you are offered as much milk as you would like to drink, you seem to firmly believe, deep down, that maybe **this time** the pause is permanent. And then you clearly convey how that belief is making you feel.

In the opening paragraph I mentioned my personal belief structure, back from my own days as a kid. It is an interesting project, as an adult, to try and map kid version you to current version you, and to see which aspects continue to hold true and which have been altered by experience and time. One of the most robust findings in the field of psychology comes from experiments which suggest that peoples’ basic personality structure is, in fact, remarkably stable. With this in mind, and driven by my own curiosity and desire to get to “know” you, I find myself trying to interpret your actions **in**, and responses **to** the world. And then project these interpretations to future versions of you both. I would be surprised if this was not a wildly imprecise science at this point, but it seems inevitable that it becomes ever so slightly more accurate with each passing day.

And the days have been passing. 153 of them, to date. On July 14th, one day after your emergence, I had been in the world almost 15,000 times longer than you. Now, incredibly, that number has dropped to less than 100, meaning that you have already been around for over 1% of my life. I find this hard to grasp, and was surprised by the pang of nostalgia I felt when looking at photos from your first days in Toronto, with your incredible tininess underlining the passage of time.

Yet, I also find myself eagerly anticipating the future yous which will emerge in the months and years to come. The yous that will be able to vocalize thoughts and ideas and feelings, and make jokes, and getting to **know** you through these expressions of self. It is decidedly odd that your most personal creation, the thing that you bring forth that is a true physical embodiment of your most intimate self, made from your very own recipe, can be so mysterious and impenetrable.

Sometimes, as I look at your faces, which I do both for practical (are you about to spit up?) and personal (what can possibly be going through your head as you lay there sleeping) reasons, I find myself thinking about the future yous in ways that create a distinct cognitive dissonance, between the thoughts I am having and the child’s face that I am observing. For example, about a week ago, while doing a morning feed I was listening to the news on France 2, as I usually do. They were discussing, ad nauseam, the Gréve (this is the French world for strike) of December 5th, when a large proportion of the country’s workers stopped work to protest recent modifications to the pensions they would be receiving from the government.

My first thought was how utterly meaningless this is to you. Both in the obvious sense that you do not understand the concept of retirement, or language for that matter, but also because it seems so impossible that you are going to actually be retiring some day (and likely saying something along the lines of how you can’t believe how quickly the time has gone). The impossibility is borne out of both the temporal distance - imagining a time when you have grown up and done stuff and had a family and worked a job and **finished** it all, in a sense, and I am gone and your grandmother is gone and almost all of the people I know are gone - and conceptual distance - imagining a version of you that is talking and walking and pressing snooze on their alarm before going off to work.

We are, at the moment, staying in the house of a couple, Merine and Robert, who are retired. Their priorities at this moment appear to be traveling, visiting family, and their dog, Oli, who is the reason they invited us to stay at their house. Oli seems to like you, which he expresses through copious hand and face licking. To be honest, though, I think that Oli likes everyone. And vice versa. In that way he is kind of like you guys at this point. You seem to smile at every rando you meet, as they comment on how “mignon” (French for cute) you are. I am excited that you will soon get the chance to bestow those smiles on a couple of people who are very special to me, and will be to you too, with your grandmother arriving in a scant 5 days, followed by your aunt Catherine 4 days later. Your grandmother never having really seen you smile, let along laugh, and your aunt never having seen you in the flesh, period. 

We will be celebrating your very first Christmas on the outside, and our mother and I’s first Christmas as parents. You won’t have any idea of what is going on, of course, but for me this will be quite a special time period. Both because we will be spending time in the countryside of southern France with your aunt and grandmother, but also because I see this as a personal moment of transistion. Christmas has always been one of my favourite times of year, especially as a kid. There was an excitement, anticipation and warmth to this time, that was created by my own parents, in our house in Nova Scotia. As I enter this time of year, now, in 2019 as a parent, I think of how I am going to be responsible, with your mother, for attempting to create our own version of this magical time period for **you**.

This combination of creative opportunity and responsibility will be repeated, in varied, and usually less obvious ways, over and over as parents. And it is something I am really looking forward to.

Love,
Dad


