# 1 Year Birthday (+ 28 days)
#writing 

Dear Rilka and Amos,

This is a slightly delayed letter as your birthday fell during a hectic time period this year. It landed on a Monday, a day which also marked the end of two weeks of government mandated self-quarantine, that had begun on June 30th, when we returned from Nice. We spent this time period at the swimming pool-less basement apartment of 312 Glenlake Avenue. To kick off this momentous day we went for a 30 minute morning walk to the closest hospital, St. Joseph's Health Center, where we waiting in line for about 20 minutes before getting tested for coronavirus. The procedure was rather unpleasant - essentially it involved getting a pipe cleaner jammed far up each of our noses. None of us enjoyed it, although Rilka was most vocal about her non-enjoyment. Which seemed fair, seeing as this was your birthday after all.

Your mother and I had actually started the day a slightly earlier, setting our alarm for 4:40am so we could ring in the one year celebration at the correct minutes (4:48 and 4:49am) of our emergence into the world, with your Nana, via a FaceTime video call. It was fairly low-energy, to be honest, and we tried to go back to sleep afterwards for an extra 90 minutes. After our testing we made a half-hearted effort at a birthday event, putting you in the stroller and then attempting to find a bar where we could have a drink. This was harder than anticipated, because, COVID. The time was almost entirely spent just walking around looking for an open bar. By the time we finally found an available patio we had a bit less than 10 minutes to sit before we needed to head back to the apartment (I had an online summer school starting), so we quickly quaffed a beer and tried to spend 8 minutes thinking about two brand new years of life.

So, overall, to be honest, a bit anticlimactic as far as birthdays go. And now we are a month past your birthday with time spent in Burlington, Lake Skootamata, and then Nova Scotia, we finally have time to take stock in a more thoughtful manner. 

Rilka. I can hear you right now in the playroom of the house where I was born and grew up. Your Nana, my mother, is talking to you about how she is going to take you and Amos outside to play in the wading pool. It reminds me of how you used to burst into tears just by being carried into the bathroom when the shower was running, you disliked bath time that much. Now, you, Rilka, are climbing into the wading pool on your own when our backs are turned. This is one small example of how the past 12 months (well, 13) has been a time of rapid expansion, both physically and mentally, for both of you. Probably the biggest one year change you will ever go through. I am fairly certain you will never quintuple your weight in one year again. You are also both about 1 foot taller than you started out - which is saying a lot since you were only a foot and a half to begin with.

Rilka, baby A, has been first at many things this year. You were first to crawl, and just a week ago, first to walk. It feels like you are in a rush to do and to learn. Amos, you have taken a more measured approach. Finding satisfaction and joy in the smaller elements of life. Exploring an interesting texture with an index finger. Spending an extra 10 minutes nursing an empty bottle. Craning your neck to check out a light fixture. Laughing while spinning in circles on your bum. You both like doors. Especially cupboard doors that hold untold treasures behind, which, inevitably, need to be removed and analyzed. Drawers are not bad either in your books. You both enjoy crawling (or walking) around with items. Rilka's approach is to hold them in her hand, which creates a syncopated "clop-clop" sound as she crawls from point A to point B, while Amos generally opts for an in-mouth canine-style mode of conveyance, be it a coaster or rubber glove that requires transport.

Rilka, you just started truly walking last week, and Amos began crawling just after the one year mark. So you are now both on the go, but at different elevations. Along with these burgeoning  physical abilities and size, it has been interesting to see how your personalities have begun to emerge. In some respects the trend is not surprising - from the outset Amos, you have been easygoing, observant, tactilely motivated, and mainly (except for the moment when. bottles are taken away from you), uncomplaining. You seem to have an easygoing generalized joy for life which is delightful to be around. Independent third parties have referred to you as "the jolliest baby I have ever met". Rilka, you have been, shall we say, expressive, from the start. An interesting combination of adventurousness, caution and sensitivity. And also determination. Which leads to frustration (which you are not shy to let us know about) when obstacles interfere with that determination. In your case, independent third parties have shook their heads after spending time with you and, with a wry smile, stated that "she's going to be a special one". Your first attempts to crawl, where you would get up on all fours like you were in the starting blocks of a running race, feel like a metaphor now, as you both burst forward into personhood. While I love this current moment, I can't help but feel a sense of excitement thinking about the next time I will be writing your annual report. When you will be talking, which feels like the next big frontier.

Your presence has also changed me. There are the obvious aspects. For example, I now spend large parts of my day looking after two small monkeys. I now get up at 6:50am every day. I now can change a diaper like a pro. And, in fact, there are so many obvious, mechanical components to being a parent that the subtler deeper changes can be harder to notice. While I feel closer to some friends because of our common parenting experience, I also feel more independent. It's as if we are our own spaceship, traveling through the world, this little family unit that your presence has created. We, myself and your mother, do go on occasional missions outside of the shuttle, but there is a sense of warmth, safety and comfort that accompanies each return. It has also made me think about the possibility for change - and to keep that in mind as your mother and I try and chart out the future path of our shuttle. Finally, and perhaps naturally, it has made me think more about time and aging. A few days ago you both were in the kitchen with your grandmother, who was cooking, while you were playing with pots and pans on the floor. She pointed out that she could remember the days, 42 years previous, when she would do the same thing, but with me on the floor banging on the pots. Which means, confusingly, that there is a future in which your kids are on the floor somewhere banging on pots and pans while your mother and I look on.

I am grateful for all of these changes. I am grateful that you made your way into the world 13 months ago. I am grateful to be a father and part of a family. I am grateful as I watch you both right now, sitting on the floor in the morning sun shine, mumbling and spluttering to yourselves as you bang around with small plastic forks and a dustbroom.

* Need to buy thermometer
* Kid drawings for thank you notes