Dear Amos and Rilka,

It seems odd to be writing to you both when I have not even been able to give you a hug for the last 2 and a half months Rilka. I miss you a lot. And am so happy that it is only 2 weeks until I get to give you your next squish. And I am sure Amos is going to be delighted too. I have to admit that I do have some qualms about the bedtime process with your arrival. We are on a pretty smooth and quick schedule right now but that, I strongly suspect, is about to be seriously upended. But it will be, mostly, a lovely upending. And plus, fairs fair. We have been upending you and Amos a fair bit these past 3.5 years.

I am curious if you both will have any memories of this time. The time mom and dad decided to do an experiment of sorts with you playing leading roles and your time, Rilka, solo with mom in Montreal, and you Amos with me and Theo in Nice.

The past six months however have not been only our Nice/Montreal adventure, but started back with a trip to Nova Scotia where we really started to get a sense of how much fun you would be having in future summers at the beach by seeing how much fun you already were having. This was followed by a trip to lake Skootamata to visit your mom's family and finally our own little camping trip in August out to Lightning Lake. It felt like a real family summer. And then everything kind of went crazy.

September and October involved the launch of your dad's major thesis project - the culmination of 6 years of a PhD, your mom landing a new job in a completely new field at the Montreal Institute of Learning Algorithms and extricating herself from her current position at UBC, as well as both of you starting a whole new daycare experience at the YMCA in Wesbrook Village, the making of the decision to spend some time apart on two different continents, the organizing of moving to those two locations, and the marshaling of a move out from our Wesbrook apartment that included getting rid of all of our furniture. We have a photo of the whole family standing outside the apartment on the morning of Friday October 27th with all of our baggage and when I look back at it I see all the work that went into making that photo happen. 

And through all of this time there were you two, living, laughing, growing, crying, playing, learning. Six months is a big thing at your age - you added 17% more time on earth to your total lived experience - that would be like me living 7 and a half more years or your Nana living 13 more years. For both of you, in some respects, the milestones become a bit subtler at this point. You are already smiling, and laughing, and sitting up and walking and running and understanding what we say to you and communicating with us, so now the notable changes are mostly of degree rather than of kind. 

This is a little bit different for you in one respect, Amos, as you are also just starting on your journey toward talking these last months. It has been exciting to hear your voice start to emerge. It is like there is a hidden Amos that is just starting to slowly step forward. I remember the first time you said 'bye-bye' to Nana on a FaceTime call. It felt so emotional because it felt like such a sign of possibility. Since then you have been working hard to continue your journey into speech. In wondering about memory, I also wonder about this. Will you remember this time when you were unable to talk but had so much to say, to express? Will you remember the work that you did to learn how to talk?

The degree changes I mentioned mostly manifest in terms of certain aspects of your personalities stepping forward and making themselves known. Amos has really embraced his inner teaser and tormenter (it feels weird writing this word as I have mainly heard it in the past used by my own mother to refer to my own behavior). When I say please don't rub your toothbrush on the table you look at me as you move it closer and closer to the table, but just not quite touching. You also succeeded in genuinely startling me for the first time while we were away at the Avignon stop of our Christmas peregrination. I was standing in the doorless bathroom of our Airbnb in the morning brushing my teeth and you came up behind me and did your 'monster' and I had a true instant of fright, only to turn and see your 3 foot high head standing there, with monster claws extended. You have also started to focus on fairness. Pointing out the regular double standards and hypocrisy that you see from a parent who tells you to do one thing but then doesn't always follow that directive themselves. I was confused a few nights ago when you were so upset that I had turned off your teeth brushing video. This was something that happened every night and usually there was a momentary complaint before moving on. But this night you were pointing to me, angrily. Then I realized. I had a biathlon event playing on the living room TV in the background without sound. You were pointing out that I was making you turn off your "TV" but that I was still watching my own TV. And that that did not seem fair to you. So I turned off the TV.

Rilka, you have been a little bit the opposite of your brother on the talking front. The best part of this for me is that I suddenly have access to your imagination in a way that was inaccessible before. I have loved asking you about what your Mr. Bing is up to and getting all sorts of off the wall answers - and even when for a couple of months it was a lot of "he's on a date" I was able to grill you about the details of the date and you would always have some sort of answer. I see a lovely combination of serious and silly emerging, where you can sit and work at doing puzzles for minutes on end, but then are up and laughing and dancing and making up stories about the escapades of Mr. Bing. I have missed hugging you sooo much these last months. I appreciate our daily FaceTime calls in particular I think about the fact that just 30 years ago I would not have been able to see you at all while I was away except in mailed photographs. But seeing you so close and clear just makes the urge to give you a squish that much stronger. I am happy that there are only 2 more weeks until I can actually do that in person.

A year ago we were in Vancouver with a newborn Theo, and looking forward to year 4 we will be all running around at Montreal parks, Theo included. For some reason in my mind 0-3 years old is in one category and then a four year old is something else. A child fully emerged from their baby-dom. But for now your are still only 3 and a half. And I am so excited to spend these next six months with you. To watch you grow. To listen to you talk. To play with you. To laugh with you. And, definitely, definitely, to squish you.

Love,
Dad