# 1 Week Birthday
#writing

Dear Amos and Rilka, 

Happy one week birthday. I am actually writing this just before your birthday, at 2am, on July 20th. One week ago, at this very moment, we were reading about Dr. Elyse Levinsky online, who, Svetlana, our nurse, had told us would be dealing with our birth. We went to ratemds.com and found that Dr. Levinsky had 3.5 out of 5 stars and was rated 106 of 626 OBGYN’s in Toronto. While that is much better than average, obviously, it was much lower than our own OBGYN, Mara Sobel (who was rated #3). So we were a bit apprehensive, to be honest. I think the thing is that when so many things are new, and strange, it is nice to have someone around who is familiar, and that you have already built trust with. The reviews of Dr. Levinsky were not, unfortunately, entirely trust-inducing. One, in particular, referred to her as a “butcher”. I regret reading that one out loud. I blame it on fatigue and anxiety. I then  read a positive one in an attempt to counteract the effect.

Some of the anxiety was because you, Rilka, had a heart beat that had climbed up into the 170s and low 180s after your mom got her epidural. Generally, 160 is seen as the top of the “for sure safe” range. Reading some papers online it seemed that above 200 was the “for sure unsafe range”, while the 160-200 range, your range, was the “not for sure, but maybe bad” range. There was a coloured bar on the screen above your heart rate that went yellow and then turned red. Svetlana came in and was a bit concerned, but said that unfortunately they were very busy that night, and there weren’t any doctors available to check in on this, for the time being.

It was almost three hours later that our doctor came in. She had multi-coloured clogs on, which I couldn’t decide was a good or bad omen. Her reviews had often mentioned how “busy” she was and how she always seemed to be in a rush, and I can confirm that she definitely gave off that impression. She also was very sure that we should go with a C-Section. We had wanted to avoid that, if possible, for a bunch of reasons (you can ask us about it if you want to know more about this), but the point is that a section meant two things. Major surgery, first of all, which made me a bit nervous, both for you and for your mom, and, also, that the waiting was basically over. Your mom and I talked over the decision for a while. We felt that the risk was likely low, in probability terms, if we stayed with a vaginal birth, but that if the low probability event happened (i.e. that your high heart rate meant that you were really struggling and something bad could happen to you if you continued to struggle for many more hours) it would be so bad that it made the c-section option a clear choice. Amos’ heart rate was at 143 on the dot this whole time.

Well, as you likely know, since you are reading this, the c-section went well (or as well as a c-section can likely go, which means not perfectly, but without any major issues). And now, one week later, we are at home. Tonight, Amos, perhaps in the excitement for your birthday, you decided you really did not want to go to sleep after eating and spent two solid hours crying and fussing and getting close to sleep only to be put down and then immediately wake up. And while I am now very tired writing this I am also, behind the tiredness, very happy. Happy that you are both here. Happy that Nana is with us, getting to see you so fresh to the world. Happy that I get to share this experience with your mom, someone I care about so much, and who has done so much to get you here safely and healthfully. Soon a week will become only a small fraction of your life. For me it is only 0.00046%. But for you, for now, it is 100%. Your entire history, which is pretty neat, when you think about it.

Love,
Dad