# 3 Week Birthday
#writing


Dear Amos and Rilka, 

You’ve made it to week three, which is a birthday of particular significance, as this is the date when you would have been, “full term”, as they refer to babies born at 40 weeks. Although I have always - or at least since I learned of it last fall - found it odd that the week count starts approximately 14 days before conception. So, in actuality, this is really your 38th week post-conception, and the start of your 4th week out in the world. While I am ignorant of which week saw the greatest relative growth - I suppose it was likely the first, as you doubled in size many many times - we are now able to directly appreciate that growth ourselves. Once again, this past week, Rilka, you’ve added a half pound of weight while you, Amos, have packed on a full pound. You’ve also developed your neck muscles, transitioning from “wet noodle” to “floppy”.

5:21am
I am finishing this letter slightly after your birthday, this time, as I was feeding you up until 4:36am. Your mom, Donna, got up and set out homemade cookies and milk for your birthday. We called your Nana, who was camping in her front yard with your older cousin, Rose (and who, as is her won’t, pretended that we definitely did not wake her), so that she could be present for the big day, having been present in person for your first two weekly birthdays.

The podcast Planet Money had an episode (#930) titled “Twins” today (technically yesterday), where they talk about the twin studies that have happened in the past, coming to a conclusion, at the end, that: “Anything that is not genetic is the environment”. While, to be fair, we still do not have a great sense of your genetics - other than the fact that you both seem to be rapidly moving up on the size/height percentiles - this statement led me to contemplate how hazy the image of your future environment was in my mind. The size of the error bars for your future environment are, likely, much larger than the average kid’s. Already, in your first year, you will be spending time in at least two different Canadian provinces (Ontario and Nova Scotia) and two different countries/continents (Canada and France). It seems likely that there will be a trip to the US at some point too. And, after that, who knows.

But even more than physical location, I find myself wondering about your environment in terms of what your mother and I will be doing. We both find ourselves, like you two, at a juncture. While the juncture for you, Rilka and Amos, is figuring out how to live in the world, our deductive process is one that requires us to arrive at a satisfactory answer to the question of what to do with our time/lives, and how to align this choice both with certain practicalities, like earning money, as well as important personal values, such as learning, creativity and fun, and feeling good about the contribution of our “work” to the world (to put it in somewhat vague terms). So, on radically different levels, we will both spend these next years figuring out our worlds, and how we fit into them.

I was about to write that you are both sleeping your way into week four, however, you, Amos, maintain eyes that are still ever so slightly cracked open (this week you have decided that you love spending time awake at night). It’s interesting, to me at least, how much time I spend watching you sleep. I am sure that I have already spent more time watching you sleep than I have any other human. Part of the reason for this is simply that you are my children, and I am magnetically, or evolutionarily perhaps, drawn to just watch you for long periods of time. But another part is that you are, at this point in time, interesting sleepers. Your dynamics of sleep are so much more vigorous than those of more elderly humans. Currently, Rilka, you are sticking your feet up almost straight in the air, and now bending your knees at a 90 degree angle. While you, Amos, are moving your left arm around as if you are doing an impression of the backstroke. It makes me slightly sad that we don’t already live in a future where we can project from the human mind to an external image. I am so curious what you may (or may not) be seeing during your sleeping hours. Is it just long dreams of nursing? Recollections of particularly noteworthy bowel movements? It seems almost impossible that three weeks ago you were both having your very first sleep in the outside world. But it’s true. Happy Birthday.

Love,
Dad

