[[letters]]
[[kids letters]]

Dear Theo,

Today, on the morning of your 18-month birthday, I am thinking of you. Things have changed since I wrote my last letter to you, at the one year mark. At that time you were living in Vieux Nice with me and your brother Amos and spending most of your days at the creche St. Croix with Ludivigne and the rest of the Tactilous crew. You were not yet walking. Now, on this day, you are at the CPE Lafontaine in Montreal and living at 3491 Avenue de l'Hotel de Ville with your mother and both Amos and Rilka. And you are probably at this very moment walking and climbing about. I, myself, am currently flying on an airplane from Amsterdam to Berlin.

This is the reason that I am not there in person to celebrate this big day. I just spent the past 8 days with my own father traveling around Ireland, the country from which his great-grandmother and great-great grandparents came. A long line of parents and children stretching back in time. You, though, are stretching forward. Reaching forward. Pushing forward. Extending into the world, and into our minds and hearts. You are becoming more Theo each day - at once discovering and revealing yourself. Your personality. Your interests. Your sense of humor and of adventure.

A few weeks ago I was in park de Bullion, close to our apartment in Montreal, with you and your brother and sister. In the park there are two climbing structures. One designed for children 18 months - 5 years and the other for 5 years and up. About 20 minutes into our visit, after having given Rilka a push on the big kid swing and checking to see that Amos's appropriation of another kid's dump truck did not require an immediate intervention, I turned my head to see you, halfway up a ladder, leading to the giant slide structure in the big kids' play area. I rushed over and was about to take you down but you seemed so happy that I instead decided to just monitor you, with my hands at the ready if and when a catch became necessary. The rungs were so far apart, given your stature, that you had to lift your knees up close to your chin in order to make your way up each rung, and navigating your small feet onto the rounded ladder rungs without slipping would often take a number of repositioning attempts. Your determination overcame your frustration, and you stuck with it until you had somehow successfully made it onto the platform at the top of the ladder. You stood up and looked at me with an expression of apparent, and to be fair, justifiable, pleasure with this turn of events. Moments later, however, you spotted the stairway leading up to the top of the giant slide itself, and immediately made a beeline for it. I watched for a moment before the implications of your course of action, and it was rapid action - you really can climb stairs remarkably quickly when motivated, became clear. I immediately raced up the ladder myself, and then the stairs, just in time to see you, without even a moment of pause, disappear headfirst down the giant slide. I dove forward with my upper body flat against the upper slide and my arm extended and managed to just clasp onto one of your ankles, stopping short your rapid acceleration down the slide and imminent projectiling onto the sand at the bottom. You seemed to find both the rapid acceleration and abrupt stop to your liking, and laughed. A mother who had observed the string of events also laughed and offered to catch you at the bottom. I gently released your ankle and she helped you navigate a controlled dismount of the slide. At which point, you laughed again and ran back to remount the ladder. As you did your ladder laps a number of parents looked on with varying levels of concern, and enjoyment. One marveled to her friend "Il s'éclate!", a second turned her phone to show the person she was Facetime-ing with what you were up to, and a third asked me how old you were. My response at the time was "almost a year and a half". And now the almost has been removed.

While it has only been 9 days since I last saw you in person, it feels longer. It is the pace of change that does that. I know that things are happening while I am away, that the Theo I come back to on June 25th will be, if not a new Theo, a changed Theo. As I held my father's arthritic hand yesterday, trying to help steady him as he navigated the cobblestone streets of Dublin, I couldn't help but contemplate time, aging and parenthood, and the changes that characterize our lives - both the inevitable and the chosen. We often talk about events "unfolding". I think this is a good term to characterize this time period of your life. With an unfolding you are aware of the basic material and the idea that things will become larger as the unfolding continues, but the shape changes in unknowable and surprising ways with each consecutive "unfold", each with it's own beauty, but with the final and ultimate shape ever a mystery.

I hope your 547th day is a great one. I miss you. I am very much looking forward to seeing you, the you who you have become, when I see you next.

Love,
Dad



