Dear Theo,

For the past month at our apartment in Nice it has been like having a very small, somewhat moody friend, crashing on our couch while he tries to get back on his feet - though in your case I suppose it would be a first time. Due to space constraints your bedroom has been the living room/dining room/mom's office couch (since those are in this case all the same room). A few times I have been a bit lost in thought and almost sat down on the couch before noticing that there is a small human down there taking a snooze.

Your mother and I were discussing you recently, as we have been attempting to make a series of recordings detailing our observations about you and your development. Though series perhaps implies more regularity than is actually the case. The general format of these recordings is that we end up comparing and contrasting our experience with you, with that of your older brother and sister. I don't know if this is fair or not. I think that it is natural, but it is also different than the type of observations we made about your older siblings. That is just a fact, just as it is a fact that you are a non-first child, and, unless we are all surprised, the fact that you will be a last, or youngest child. I am sure there will be points in time in the future where it is you, rather than your mother and I, making these observations and comparisons, and I am very curious to get a sense of your own interpretations of these realities.

I think of these fairly unalterable facts of your existence as your life architecture. However, the architecture, in this case, has been built, for the most part, before the homeowner moves in, and therefore without any direct input. This puts your mother and I, as the lead architects, developers, and builders of this architecture, in a position where we just have to sit back and wait for move in day. Biding our time and hoping that you are not too horrified by our design sensibilities. To be clear we are not in the omniscient position of establishing all of the conditions of your life - there are larger general infrastructure designers out there, but as both a parent and child I know that I tended to engage in fairly routine, let's call it "architectural critique sessions" with my own parents. And clearly you will be able to perform a few renovations on your own end. Update the bathroom, get the wiring up to code, etc. but you will always be limited to a certain extent by load bearing walls. You can never, for example, become the oldest kid in the family (light speed travel in your lifetime notwithstanding).

So that is what I have been thinking about this month, as I start to see my first regular smiles from you, and an increased general interest in your world. How will you fit in and engage with the facts of your life? Will you still be smiling once you realize what you've gotten yourself into? When you realize that the architects put a bathroom directly off the dining room? When you have fully explored the bedrooms and common areas and met your neighbors and figured out the local transit connections? This sense of curiosity at seeing the world reflected through your increasingly alert and curious eyes is a pleasure to me that grows as I see you continue to emerge.

Love,
Dad



