[[kids letters]]

Dear Theo,

One half of your first year of life is now in the books. Or in the apps, as the case may be. Six month old you is currently attached to my chest looking at my three computer monitors and enthusiastically making raspberries as I type this letter. Actually now the raspberries have morphed into babbling, a series of serviceable bla-bla-da-das. Now the arms have become involved. Flapping up and down with your left hand while grabbing at my sweatshirted forearm with your right. Gone are the days when we would sit you in your reclining chair and your mother and I would just kind of forget about you for a couple of hours as you watched the world go by, wide-eyed.

Illustrative of this transition is an occurrence from a few days past, when your mother called to me from the bedroom. When I went over she pointed at a small creature standing up by the bedside table leafing through a magazine. That was you. This on its own was already fairly impressive, you hadn't really been standing upright holding onto objects on your own yet - but then I learned that you had actually been left lying on the middle of the bed encircled by a pillow barrier when your mother had left the room - and what I was observing is what she had returned to. Oh how I would love to have video of the intervening process. Some people, you may find, are a bit uptight about surveillance and privacy these days, but I want more of it! 

Thinking about privacy and your half rotation of the sun leads me to consider other current zeitgeist-y topics and to wonder about where we will be, as a society, on those topics in the future - or, perhaps more likely, what the new topics will be? What will the world be thinking about privacy by the time you are ready to have conversations on the subject? Will we still be talking about AI and crypto and climate change and Elon Musk and Vladimir Putin and transgender politics, and voter fraud and gasoline prices? 

I think of the world we live in as your world, but in fact you will live in a different world, and in that different world will be a different dad. I expect the me-in-five-years dad to have a number of resemblances to the current model, but there will inevitably be some differences as I pass through the world and accumulate experiences, and knowledge like a boat gathers barnacles, and develop and change, or to continue the boat metaphor, just become slower. This means that, in some ways, you will never get to know the person writing you this letter. The version of your father who lived at 3428 Wesbrook Mall on the UBC campus and regularly visited Smith park and spent most of his days sitting in front of his three screen array plugging away on his thesis work.

Thinking about this makes me curious to meet the versions of my parents that I didn't - or barely - knew. And how your knowledge of my parents (your grandparents) will be even further removed from the South American hitchhiker versions of Rita and Joe. I recall thinking of my grandparents not as simply older versions of my parents, or myself, but as an entirely different species. One that had just arrived on earth wrinkly and old in order to fulfill their grandparent-ly roles. This is one of the reasons I am making concerted attempts to have them write their memoirs - to close this gap and build this connection. There is a quote from British novelist L.P. Hartley which refers to the past as a foreign country (where they do things differently). I don't have any national patriotism per se but I do support the free passage of people between countries and the bridges that can facilitate this sort of travel.

It is also hard to 
