[[letter on kids]]
[[kids letters]]

Dear Theo,

Two years old. As I repeat this in my mind there is a certain dissonance - although I know that the pattern makes sense. I understand that, logically, "two years old" follows quite naturally from "one year old" just as B follows from A, Tuesday from Monday, and so on. But whereas a one year old sounds like a category - oh, you have a one year old? - two years old, in my mind at least, flips into a description of degree, where "years old" is the unit of measure. So, yes, as you have probably gleaned already, this is going to be a bit of a "where has the time gone" edition. Though I suppose they all are to an extent. There is evidence that spaced repetition is the best method of embedding knowledge in our brain, in which case the knowledge I am repeatedly attempting to hammer home is that of the fleetingness of time and concomitant value of the moment.

I even find myself experiencing the cliched phenomenon of longing for moments that, at the time of actual experience, were not, in fact, all that pleasant. But the fact that one year old YOU are in those moments, a you that no longer exists, a smaller less capable you, suddenly casts them in a different light. There is a feeling that I could have, should have, been paying closer attention, looking more closely, listening more carefully, taking notes more diligently.

A shining example of this sort of ambivalent moment (or perhaps moments plural, two and a half weeks of them) was when just over a year ago we-you, your brother Amos and I-embarked on our somewhat-ill-advised Christmas odyssey to Avignon and Ansouis. You had been constipated for weeks at this point and I was having to delicately pull the rock hard poops out of your bum that made you scream in pain as you tried to pass them. You were getting every solution to constipation I had heard of, or was advised of from parents, doctors and your day care workers including things like adding olive oil to your baby food, apple and prune juices and purees up the whazoo, tummy massages, and even changing your water from Evian to Hépar, whose claim on their bottle is that "Hépar facilite le transit intestinal". And yet you still would spend large parts of the day, often from waking, mewling in apparent discomfort and not happy unless being held or walked in the stroller. While this was, objectively, not terribly enjoyable for either of us, as I think back on that time cuddling you and sleeping in a big bed with you and Amos all together in that small hilly village, I am hit with a distinct pang of nostalgia.

Part of that pang is that there is no going back. 

When Amos and Rilka turned two it also happened more quickly than anticipated but it was softened to a degree by the sense that there would be another chance, another person who might exist later in our lives, who would also be turning 2. That this wasn't our last time to be surprised about how quickly two years had passed. That there would be future first roll overs, and first steps and first words that we would get to marvel at. And of course for them, for you, we would definitely be completely on the ball and not commit the same oversights.

So far this letter has mostly been about me. But you are the one who has turned two. And what a second year of life it has been for you. There are so many changes that happen during the first years of life that it seems like a gross oversimplification to select only two, but walking and talking are hard to ignore as milestones. On your previous birthday you had achieved neither. Now, at two, you have long since mastered the former and are starting to make rapid strides on the latter. You made your first steps in France, about a kilometer as the crow flies - and almost exactly three years as the earth spins - from where Rilka did her first crawl. 

On the talking front it feels like the real progress is just getting going. While you did lots of babbling from early days and started using 'mama' as a bit of a catch all term shortly after our arrival back in Montreal in the spring, and soon thereafter "no" became a real hit (and has remained so), it is only really in these last weeks that I find myself more and more frequently startled to hear you parrot something back to me that I have just said. Initially it is a bit like having your dog suddenly start talking to you. This is a somewhat strange, smallish creature that you love and have cared for and spent a great deal of time with and know extremely well and suddenly it starts speaking to you? In a recent scenario I was on the couch changing your diaper and held up a small bouncy ball for distraction purposes, saying, "ball" before handing it over, and then proceeded to grab a couple of wipes when I quite clearly heard the world "ball" repeated back to me. I stopped, looking around but of course it could have only come from one place. I repeat myself, "ball", and this time observe you forming the shape with your lips as you hold the ball up and utter it's name. We then repeat it a few more times with increasingly loud precise versions of the word echoed back. This happened again just last week with the world "encore" - the first french world I have heard you use at home - when I sat you above the dishwasher while I emptied it and had put a plastic cup on one of your feet for a laugh and you had then knocked it off your foot and back into the dishwasher - which you did indeed find laugh-worthy. This time the startle factor was magnified by the fact that you were not repeating a word to me but actually giving me a command. And in a foreign language. Naturally, I obeyed.

And while these "startles" are lovely they contain in the background of their utterances the dim tolling of a bell indicating the departure of babyhood. And again, forever.

But the departure of babyhood is necessary for the emergence of Theo and it is pretty fun to see what has started to emerge.

I remember coming to your class one day at pick up time after you had just been moved to the big kids side of the downstairs floor in September and I was told that I could find you in the Salle de Motricite - a play area filled with matts and foam blocks and ramps and cushions. When I appeared at the door the teachers called to you and you looked over with a big smile. My expectation was that you would run over and give me a big hug which was the general operating procedure to date. However, instead you then turned and ran over to a ramp that was close to your own height at the tall end and ran up it and launched yourself off into oblivion without even a glance toward the ground. There was, fortunately, a pretty large pillow in the landing zone - apparently you had done this before - but the utter abandon and joy you exhibited were both absolutely delightful and honestly, a bit concerning. You then continued to do two more kamikaze loops before running to me for the big hug I was expecting. Your love of jumps, leaps, climbing and flipping around has if anything just grown since then.

As an additional anecdote which speaks to this element, I also have a very clear memory from this past summer of being at the park next to our house and looking over to see you climbing up the structure for kids 5 and older that had a very tall slide at the top. I was at the park with Rilka and Amos so you were already halfway up the tricky ladder structure when I saw you. I was both alarmed and impressed and decided to let you make your way to the platform, if you could. You could. And then you immediately took off up the second ladder to the large slide. I realized what might be about to happen and started scrambling up the climbing structure after you. I was going up the ladder to the slide just as I saw you dive, face first, out of view. I leapt stretching down the slide and managed to grab you by an ankle. I didn't really have a way to pull you back up though without losing my purchase, however, and sending us all down the slide. Luckily, a parent down below saw the situation and offered to catch you. I let go, and you went zooming down to be caught at the base. I then came down after you and thanked the parent. When I turned to see where you were you were already back on the ladder climbing up for another go. This continued for a solid 10 minutes during which time an array of parents stopped to watch this little micro maniac enthusiastically running through his giant slide-dive circuit. One person on a video call to a friend even stopped to show her what you were doing.

This isn't to say that this is the sum total of your personality, but it does reflect a number of core elements. Your will and tenacity when you have your mind set on something. Your fearlessness - and really that is the word, it definitely does not seem like there is any sense of caution or concern that you have to overcome when you are engaging in your feats. Your sense of fun and humor. Your love of stimulation. And there are sides of you that don't appear in the park slide micro maniac version. A look of sly deviousness that has recently begun to reveal itself - and has often turned out to be an appropriate expression of the plans hatching in your almost two year old brain. A thoughtful solemnity  that is especially enhanced by your continued (though ever rarer, sadly) tendency to stroll off on your own with your hands clasped behind your back like a pint sized Roosevelt. A super cuddly version that just wants to snuggle up as cosily as possible in my chest. 

That version I recognize from your very first days, and I am glad it is still here. But I am also so happy to welcome all of these new versions and those that are bound to emerge or develop in this next rotation around the son. 

Love,
Dad

