My dear Theo,

I just went back and read the letter I wrote to you for your third birthday, reminding me of the days when we would let the nearby church bells serve as our morning alarm, and whose ringing you would vigorously announce with your cries of "The bells! The bells! I hear the bells!"

You have grown and developed by leaps and bounds (both figurative and literal) this past year. A year ago we celebrated your birthday in Hyères (two days late...although we were even later this year...hopefully this is not a trend that continues). At that birthday the hit in terms of presents was definitely Nana's, "The Ultimate Book of Vehicles", whose pages and lift-up flaps have definitely seen more use than any other book in our possession over the past year.

There were many new things that happened over this year. 

You experienced a Christmas on the beach. You saw your first circus. You went on your first helicopter ride. And that was all before January. You saw a magical nighttime dog sled race. You did a week of ski lessons - though not without the occasional complaint at drop off. You learned how to climb from the tail of the whale in the coulée verte all the way to its head (and the slide down). You ate a lot of chocolate ice cream cones. Always chocolate. For a time you had a lovely habit of saying "turn on the dark" instead of "turn off the light". You played in the sand at the beach for hours on end. You got stitches in your nose. And then your optimistic dad decided that he would take them out himself. He will not make this same decision in the future. Though you gamely put up with my bumbling attempts and eventual success. You wore your monkey costume whenever the mood struck you. You designed your own t-shirt. You were finally old enough to join Amos and Rilka in doing accrobranche. You learned how to stuff yourself in the lockers at the St. Francois swimming pool when we went to pick up Amos and Rilka from their swimming lessons. And by the end you were managing to get into the upper lockers which was both amazing and disconcerting (see leaping, bounding, stitches, etc.). You decided you loved wearing sunglasses. You loved drinking out of town fountains/water spouts. On March 30th you truly learned to ride your bike, cruising all over the miroir d'eau in the Coulée Verte. You got a big blue bus for working on mastering the art of peeing in the toilet. You decided that play school really was far superior to regular school. You learned how to put on your own socks. You presented a dance to us with your class that you had apparently been working on for the whole semester? You got excited about butterflies hatching from their chrysalids. You ran a relay race with your parents and brother and sister on the promenade. You went to see the qualifying laps of an F1 race in Monaco. You swam and snorkeled at the grotto (coco beach). You splashed and ran and sprayed and squirt gunned and water ballooned (many times) at the miroir d'eau (sometimes wearing a pizza slice costume). You met my visiting friends Philip and Martin and Sam and Sven and Florencia and Russ and Erica. You charmed people, which meant you got to help a window washer clean a storefront, you got to sit on and drive a ride-on pallet jack at our fruit store, and you were randomly given pool noodles on your way to the beach one day, just to mention a few examples. You loved peanut butter. You spent almost 3 weeks without your sister while she was in Nova Scotia. You went on your first camper car trip. You saw your first running of the bulls in Beauvoisin. You went horseback riding. You paddle-boated in the Gorges du Verdon. You fell in love with "puzzle cars"--your name for Lego vehicles--after watching a series of youTube videos where the creator iterated on different vehicle configurations to try and successfully navigate a variety of obstacles. You started having conversations with Rilka in French. One day at breakfast, apropos of nothing, you announced "I need to get bigger so I can get bigger socks." You took your magnatile constructions to a new level, often building rocket ships which you often referred to, delightfully, as rock-n-rolls. You also started, and continue, to refer to everyone using female pronouns exclusively, which I quite like. I feel a bit more ambivalent about how your radical all-the-time honesty has now transformed into more of a sometimes honest, sometimes sneaky and deceptive approach to interacting with your dad. I caught you at one point sneaking halloween candy out of the cupboard and then taking the wrappers off under the living room couch. I also got a report from the playground staff at school that you and Amos had worked together to go through all the kids' backpacks during after school daycare to take any "good snacks" they may have had packed for yourselves. I was slightly proud of the teamwork but concerned about the rest. Your sweet tooth is a prodigious one.

Across all these observations and experiences what remains completely clear as a through line is that it is truly a lovely moment in time to know you. You are exploding into yourself and the world in a way that is intensely enjoyable and interesting and at times challenging but mostly just amazing to witness. And, as all parents everywhere always say, I just wish I could slow this moment down. So much is happening so quickly across so many developmental and experiential dimensions it is sometimes hard to keep track of it all. But I will do my best, as this miraculous explosion continues.

